Friend is the doctor. This is what they use for he uses the same company for his own practice. And he's Ms. Stanford. Oh, wow. Yeah, I've heard some people are starting to use it for like note taking. Yeah, this like take your notes for you. So you don't have to be thinking about your notes. This will just give you your full. Wow. And it has all that HIPAA stuff. Yeah, yeah, like it's safe to use. Yeah. So cool. I mean, because like for me, it's like very good for me. I can, like, catch so much more in a meeting now than I used to be able to, because I used to just my memory failing on me now I have to rely upon this stuff. I used to just memorize everything. Yeah, that's a game changer for me. Yeah, that's great. Yeah. Thank you. So So you're talking about your niece and nephew? Yeah, um, yeah, they came they were only here one night or two nights on one day. I'm not really a socializer when it comes to hanging out and playing cards and that kind of stuff with people. It's just not my thing. I went with them last night to Top Golf, even though I didn't really enjoy that but I went and made myself present and accounted for. Yeah, why didn't you enjoy it? I just don't like this just to brah just too much testosterone. Yeah. Okay, it was a drag golf maybe that's a fun idea. Yeah, I mean, cuz you could do it at Top Golf pretty easily. I'm sure just might do it. I might just rent like six days and invite a bunch of Queens there and see, see, see what happens. That's a really fun idea. I like that for them all. It's mandatory eight inch stiletto. You can make it a whole thing was like a brunch and refreshments. So you sit there with some history with your niece and nephew. Like you feel like your sister got them involved somehow. My nephew and my niece she kind of stayed out of it and she got into it a little bit. It's just the the name calling my sister knows how to activate a J and turn him into a little asshole. Even though he's a sweet boy. She's you know 15 year old boy. You know how to you can if your mother you know how to sit there and twist his nipples. He's gonna come screaming at someone. That's probably not a good analogy, but I guess that's how I think he think you think about it. So she would manipulate him to turn on you owe him and my mom. So it was I didn't care about him not liking me. It was him being rude to my mom. And it's like you just can't do that. Yeah. Especially the woman that's fed him for like all those years and now she's still being the son of my business. Yeah. So you acknowledge that was more your sister's doing than him and you're able to have a good relationship with him. I forgave my sister. Even though she's a bitch. I mean, it's just that's it. She's She's so family. I mean, like I mean grand scheme of it, I'm gonna be dead and she's gonna get everything. I have mine anyhow. When I die, I mean, granted, she's only four years younger than me. But hopefully I don't have to live as long as most of my family does. And that's in a nice way, not in a weird way. Everyone in my family lives to their very old the late 90s. And that's just too old for me. Very happy at 85 need to go into that 98 years old and depression, getting the world because no one wants to be here because everyone's dead. It's so fun to live that way. I mean, why? It's just silly. Yeah. So how has it been this week as far as working on your new routine? Everything got thrown into the wind when I've had guests coming into town because I had to change everything. Okay, so can switch. Yeah, it was not awful but not easy. Is it hard for you to adjust to unexpected changes getting harder than it used to be? I used to be really good at like, on the ball like live change was life specialties. I could change my anything on the New York Minute. But you know sometimes it's not that way anymore. That's harder for you to shift how's it as far as the psychosis the hallucinations this week? I've been having some really vivid dreams that are kind of weird. So I think that they've entered into me going through something I just don't know what it is. It's definitely I'm not like manic. I don't think I am I'm a little elevated though. If you do feel a little angst okay. It's getting towards my birthday. I'm getting nervous. So some of that probably unknown stuff. So tell me more about these dreams that you're having. Was everything okay? Yeah, no, my mom just walked out here for a second she's gonna spaces she likes to listen. It's hard for me. Yeah, not the way it should be. Okay, my mom's I don't care if she does. She just wants to know my dreams. You do want to talk? I didn't see I didn't want to talk about I wanted to talk about my dreams and it's not appropriate. I see. Yeah. and then I had a hope that the other night at the house and I don't know if that was my dream or if it was real, but I think it was real. If she brought up something saying something like oh, you had your fun. I'm validating that it was real. Sometimes. Wow. Yeah, that's intense. So what happens in your dreams is about anything from six to flying and jumping. Jump. I don't know what the jumping means but to do a lot of jumping dreams. So I just keep jumping further and I don't can't get down so I just jumped again. It's kind of weird. Yeah. Tell me about your most recent dream like what what's the story of that? Most recent one I don't have any memory of it at all feel remember like pieces of dreams? I just remember praying to piece it together and nothing would come. Nothing would validate. No, I couldn't figure it out. It was like I couldn't find any positive like feedback that it was not happening. Does that make sense? So it was really immersive. Yeah. Really immersive but it's hard for you to remember now Oh, and I gotta planted the garden some gardening. Okay. I've had a lot of labor stuff, but my body's paying for it now. Yeah, I remember you saying last time you were trying to plant some greenery but there was like sheet land for something that you managed to figure out that issue was just water and hard work. Oh, wow. So you went through with that I couldn't figure out how to. I went to try to Home Depot. And try to get some people to help me. They wanted to have power tools. They wouldn't help me unless I had this specific type of jackhammer to do the job. So I kind of said no, no no I'm not. I'm nothing was too much for me to deal with. I came home and it was cooler that day. We had like a in at 90 degrees weather and I just kind of set my mission to doing it. I have one of these like things that you go like this. Oh like a posthole digger kind of like that but not a posthole digger is like a plant digger. Oh, okay. Yeah. He kind of once a wet the ground had helped it. I mean, it wasn't ideal or easy. And then all the other plants died. So I need to go back to this store figured out replacement of those because you know, Home Depot that you've replaced them if they die. So yeah, that's a good deal. Yeah. Okay, so how did it feel to be out there gardening? It feels good. Like that. Then we got a weird Farmer John tan. Nice. Yeah. Can we get to just get a little exercise on fresh air. Watch something grew. Yeah, any mirror Oh, that's pretty. Yeah. Very nice. Wow. Yeah, your art game is on point. Yeah. So it stopped. This. Oh, sorry. Go ahead. This is the library or the bar, but I call it a library. Okay. Do you read? I listen to books. I can't have concentration to read books. I never have I don't think I use speechify a lot. Yeah, that's another one look up. It'll read anything, everything anything. Okay, so it'll just be like audiobooks. Oh, no, it'll be Joe your internet. It'll be your Snapchat to it'll read your it reads everything on your screen. It's a reader. It's a screen reader. Kind of sounds nice. So anything you were interested in reading blogs this this that? Yeah, just cut and paste the web browser thing. In there. And it will read to you in Snoop Dogg's voice. That's funny. So you can choose the voice you can choose different ones. Brock, sip dog or Gwyneth Paltrow. There's like 102 other voices to choose. That's crazy. What kinds of things do you like to listen to? I don't know. It depends on whatever. I'm researching that moment. Okay, gotcha. That's a whole nother story, but we've been talking about my AI crap that I do and like understand and just try to I don't know sometimes I think that's like the grandiose thinking from the bipolar because always thinking I can be better. Like, teach myself more and more about that. I always think I can. I stopped myself, usually. Because I know that it's, I'm not any smarter than anyone else. Just like people try to the other people are trying to follow me like, around like, me knowing that it's not true. No, I'm not that special. Just reassuring myself, because I'm not as paranoid as I was last week. Okay, so you'll do research about people found out yeah, oh, yeah. well researched. I know how to find bugs and what kind of equipment was possible for this to be undertaking? I see. What have you learned from doing that research? No. One's gonna spend that kind of money on me. Unless some weird my alternate thought is some randomly brilliant first of philanthropists with more money than God that just has put me as their pet project and giving everyone money to help them follow me. Which is probably not true either. So cognitively you can see where this isn't happening, but it sounds like there's still some emotion some doubt there. Yeah. Definitely. I wish it was easier. What would it mean if it were true that someone was following you? I mean, someone was spending a lot of money on you. What else I don't know. I want royalties. If I'm that interesting. Make them feed me in. See you think they would almost be watching you for entertainment. Of so I think it is entertainment whilst we would you watch me That's weird. Sci Fi like if they are watching you, it's because they get some kind of kick out of it. Yeah, it's just like what is it? Why you would watch like, like, bam, like to the what is it? Bam jackass. Oh, yes. Yes. That kind of primal urge to wants to see the fallen soldier does that make sense? Yeah, does see you think? Do they edit footage. They make nomos about me like these like they take me out of context and make fun of me or make fun of whatever it is they're making fun of doesn't necessarily have to do with me. I don't think it was just something I did. That they make a narrative on. Who do they show it to? To hide I'm telling you too much, Vic private network. That subscribe to bye, bye that are interested in underground networks, I guess. Yeah. I'll keep it alive. Why is it telling me too much? Oh, I know. It's just making me seem crazier than I already am. Think you're crazy Clemson. I think you have been through a lot and I think your mind is trying to make sense of it. Well I wish it was easier to make sense of exploring crazy cakes cuckoo cuckoo. While it's enough to write a book about my book a little bit. You're working on a book with my like I said, I do a lot of things with my AI thing. Doesn't mean I can finish them. Tell me about the book. Is it like a memoir? No, no. Just kind of my random random acts of me with those little craziness in my life. Okay. Sounds like a collection of short stories, collection of stories stories. Random search. My searches for on my AI made it. I took all of like a year's worth of searches and made a fan of a very lovely chapter book about it. And all the different things that I searched throughout the year. Wow. That's really creative. Yeah. Kind of weird, but I guess it is creative. Yeah. And did you notice any patterns or trends in your searches? I just didn't finish doing the the the work on it because it was just too much. Too much. Energy focused on like, some negative stuff in there. needs I stepped away from it. brought me back to those moments to Gotcha. People were watching you, what would you want them to see? What would they what would you want them to know about you? Don't want them to know anything about choking halfheartedly about warning that have given them you know, give me like money for this only because I'm broke and I'm putting my money but no, I don't want anyone watching me. I don't want anything like that. You want your privacy? Oh yeah. I'm gonna have a private person believe those people will think I'm pretty not private. I mean, but I think we'd like to say I want to be a quiet person. Quiet Kind of what you aspire to. Yeah. Go ahead. It's just good to be very calm. That would be the way it should be. Jumping on the next bandwagon and figure out what's going on crazy in my life. So you share quite a bit about how you like you worked for some really famous people. And did you ever notice that they had this problem? Just like maybe the media attention and trying to escape the public eye. Was that something that you saw a lot in your world? Some okay. Yeah. Tell me about that. My lender would always say you get to talk to me every single night. Do you know how much my billable seconds is? You'd probably be the most richest man in our company. She didn't like a cast of 1000s She looks very private person Yeah, just I don't know. I guess this is all stuck in a confidentiality agreement. So you don't really talk about it? Yeah. stuff but probably not. I still don't talk about stuff. Yeah, you got used to really keeping it quiet it's just weird. All the important people that you've worked for and you don't have to share names or anything like that, but is there anybody that you like really looked up to the person I probably wrong the most Linda tell me how you met her. Oh thick found me through agency. I was like the 26th person that they they had gone through so many, like, different recruit people. When you go into that kind of thing, you go through an agency and an agency tempts you well and then they pay 75% of your yearly income, then that's what the fee is for your placement. So if you don't work out the agency has to replace you. And she went through like 26 people before she found me. I lasted seven years. And this is when you were just like working for a private person. Yeah. You mean you go through that and that's your background checks and yeah. All the crazy stuff that makes it so what did you admire about Linda? I don't know. She was pitch. She was good. And nice this way. I mean, she's Devil Wears Prada. I mean, real strong. And everything so he's just kind of slick. She never you know, she always see through things that how they do that it's just like she could see through me too. And maybe that's what I liked that she could see through my bullshit someone like my mom, my mom can see. She's my mom and Linda are very similar. As far as people I look up to like really perceptive, they can just call me out she just sees right through it free value most of our main and most relationship is she can pitch she got me clarifying for you. clarify for me. He's obviously just calling out on when I'm doing stupid. See, you said you wronged Linda, what happened there? Just towards the end there I was. Doing she mentioned alcohol and then x and things. Things were sloppy when I left. That's all they like you think of a the men's? I just hadn't been able to ever ever, you know? Yeah. You've never got to do it. Yeah. Never got the courage. I don't have I never been proud of myself for something well enough like my mom like how am I gonna ever pay her back? I can only say sorry if so many times so you've stayed away from window? Oh, yeah. Pretty much my embarrassment. Basically you feel a lot of shame about the way you behaved at the end definitely, yeah. So just like thinking about this and talking about it. How does it make you feel? sad that I never the business she was a big part of my life Guess I'm grieving there Where do you feel that sadness in your body? Over my eyeballs. Sick suppression Yeah, feels like it's pushing you down yeah it doesn't feel good it has like I don't even know why. Sometimes. I probably avoid talking about that. More. Yeah, more than anything. I don't think I've ever even talked to Abby enough about your relationship with Linda not even was she knew about her but not know Yeah. I didn't. I didn't go there so release sensitive for you. It's like talking about my mom. My mom is sensitive. Yeah. I protect her and she protects me but you can't I guess I just don't have it in me to like apologize. Because I don't have anything to give her. You wish you had something to offer? And I don't know if I would have ever in my life. Be able to have something like that you think she doesn't value you just for you? Like she just wouldn't be happy to like hear from you again. Yeah, not like Rukhsana Rukhsana was my coworker is the lady that worked followed me around a couple of different companies. Okay, that's would be one that would be that person. That would probably be happy but I haven't been able to talk to her either. I let her down it's sad You said you've never even talked to Abby about these things. What does it feel like talking about with me? I'm just saying everyone's different. Your style is a little different than first style. I mean when you're in front of the person live it's a different conversation to oh yeah for sure. Because it's just the different conversation are you doing in person before? A lot of in person every other every other visit? Okay, that's nice to have Yeah. helps maintain a connection. I feel like yeah it was. She was like, I mean, they still haven't figured out my the Kaiser thing yet. So I have her again on the first tomorrow. Tomorrow first. Yeah, yeah. I can't miss that. If you're still trying to like initiate care. You have a good day. It's just that they're starting me over. And it's like this weird thing. And it's like, I'm like, not start over person. I'm not gonna I'm not I can't do I can't do that. I can't start completely from over. Like, I'm this like, you know, this is just to me. It's just too weird. That they don't can't talk. They don't like what is it? Like, yeah, like coordinate care this somewhat. I mean, this is a lot of crazy cake. Crazy. Yeah, you can I mean, it's really you can't mix not Yeah. CPI kits too much to just like we have to retail yourself. I can't sit there and like they said, Well, why don't you just unpack it and tell me what your problems are and tell me what you want to work on this week. It's like, work on this week. You want me to tell you like, how do you do that? It's like impossible, like give through two years, three years worth of history. And then go ahead and just fabricate it, like there just seems so weird. It's a hard adjustment for you and then I and then that same with the med doctor. Like they said, Oh, then you're gonna see this doctor and then he'll pass you off to his man mad. Like a medi like a medi pharmacist. It's like it's just this too weird. saying my brain you guys are being shuffled around. Yeah. Yeah. It's just not. I mean, it's too much. Yeah. Okay, good. I had a form for you. I was looking for that my doctor. My lawyer asked my Yeah, the thing that was talking to you last week. Okay, would you like to email it to me? Yeah, I'm gonna see if you sit in this chat thing. Okay. But um, and then we also have to do my survey. Did you that either? Yeah. Let me copy the link for that and send it over to you all right, there's your survey. Okay. Then I'll get that get you this thing. Using another account then we what is the next weeks or next meeting because that's on Tuesday. Still, because when does my birthday this is on the 25th and then trying to see if our birthday falls. So we're gonna be like, I don't want to have an appointment on my birthday. But I wouldn't mind one of the day before the day after. Yeah, so I was gonna just keep you same time each week. So Wednesdays and 11 if that works for you, but for your birthday. Let's see. You said it's on the 25th Yeah. Okay, we won't land on the 25th then it looks like that is on a Sunday. So you should be all good. Like my birthday on Sunday. That's even worse. Alright, so now I'm logging in to do the survey. Okay What was that I thought I lost you. I didn't like did the thing. Oh, no, no. I'm still here. Let me know if any questions or comments come up while you're filling that out this thing is a really redo this thing actually what can I change is would you make makes this trip questions different? Oh, like change it up each week. At least you have enough. Like we did menus, like in the restaurant business. You can do 18 weeks of menus and then you put them in a randomizer and you'll never know that what the same thing twice. You won't feel like you're eating the same thing twice. But it's actually only 18 different things. I get it. Yeah. And you mix up the order. You mix up the order and the days the week and you know that kind of stuff. It makes things easier I don't know because this thing just gets very busy. What is it like? The same thing? Yeah, repetitive. It kind of puts me into that crazy thing when I think over and over again is the definition for psychotic. It's doing the same thing over and over. Is it through? Yeah. Yeah, I think that's like a saying I don't know if it's necessarily medically correct, though. Okay. I see what you're saying. It's not it's just that's just what they say. It's not a proven Yeah. I think the thing that you might be thinking of is like, I'm doing the definition of crazy is doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results. Yeah, that's the way exactly I was. Thinking of, because it's just not Yeah. Yeah. Do you hit the nail right on the head? That's like, I that little thing really goes back and forth in my brain all the time. That's probably not smart for me either. What do you feel like you're doing over and over again? Everything in life? I don't ever get it feels like I do. At all the same thing over and over again. It's like what is it called? The Groundhog Day? Yes. Yes. That's a movie. Yeah. Yeah. Where the day keeps repeating. Sometimes it's everything over and over and over. What kind of different results are you hoping for? I don't know. I never thought about it. I just think this just feels like everything is over and over again. I see. Maybe it isn't different results. Maybe it's just the new new something different because like it's not. Yeah, that's what it is. It's just needs to be something different not. I don't need to have the new different result. Because it probably is already a different result. How's the survey going? I got sidetracked. back to it again. Forget tangent. Selling how much I hate filling it out she's she doesn't she has an interest and pleasure doing it I haven't had trouble falling asleep the last few days. So that's something good things they've been exhausted being sessions sometimes I play on this morning grocery store and such I got a total score of 55 last night for my top golf and if you've ever played but that's like old time record bad. No. I've tried golfing but I'm not very good. either. I can't remember a specific score though. I'm going to go together Yeah, I went back and changed a few answers Yeah, look right here quick. See what we've got provocative right so it's looking like your anxiety is staying about about the same. You shot a little improvement in depression compared to last week. Yeah, I think I've been too busy to be depressed. Yeah, you've been doing most of the activities. You said that you're having thoughts of hurting yourself though. More than half the days this time. That was the one I thought I changed. Oh, gotcha. That's kind of the same as it has been. Yeah. Gotcha. Okay. That's what I thought I had I switched back. Just okay. All right. Well, thank you so much for doing that. It's good to check in on that. And I did not get anything from you in the chat as far as like the form you are trying to send. You're still trying to form Yeah, it's just they sent it to me. Here. He uploads to there. You just go to the chat and then copy and paste. Otherwise, you could send me an email and upload it to an email. might be easier. Yeah, you should have my email because I emailed you the safety plan. Yes, I have. Yeah. It's called the MSS. Okay. And I think I might need to get a release of information before we can complete that. Then. So what do you need from me? Um, does it have the name and the contact information of your attorney on it? I will send you this I'll forward you her email. Okay, where do you want me to have her reach out to you? Well, we would just need in order to make the release of information like her name, or contact information and then we could just make a forum for you to sign saying like, Oh, it's okay if Karina sends information to this label. Okay. I see what you're saying. Yeah. needs to be a little more formal. Yeah, we would just like to have that release on file. Yeah. Especially. I get it makes sense to me is Kaiser where they just give you all the records. That's what's really funny is your Kaiser. You'll make a book out of my Kaiser logs. That's part of my book to my chat therapy because they really document all that every thing in kp.org most visit dissertation. Yeah, a lot to look at. And Quinton, we are kind of coming to the end of our time for today. But you can feel free to email me send me the documents, some visa information for your attorney. Yes. And we can try to get that release of information over to you as soon as possible. Once you have that signed, then I'll look over the form. If it's something I can complete on my own, I'll go ahead and do that. But if I have questions, we can focus on that at our next session if that sounds good. Okay, cool. So overall, how are you feeling today as we wrap up? Now that is fine. Way to work in the garden and finish my doing my closet. That's great. Yes. I think it's amazing that you're getting stuff done. So keep up the good work. And thanks for just answering my questions today. I'm exploring these topics. It's getting there. We're getting there. Yeah. All right. Well, I'll see you next week. Okay, thank you. I Clinton. session I know. A woman

Transcribed by https://otter.ai