You You I don't have volume yet, but I'm getting it there. Can you hear me now? I can hear you. Yeah, you can hear me Yeah great. Nice. All right. Are you at home today? Yeah. Wonderful. Same space I was in last time. Okay, gotcha. Nice. Well, it's good to see you again. How has your week been? It's been kind of hot here. I don't know P wave. Okay. Hence the sunglasses. It's really hot. That can be really draining. Yeah. Then not too much this week. I had a lot of a lot of appointments. And then I missed one and then that threw me off track. And then I missed my one with Abby JOHNSON I thought it was my last one with her but then she rescheduled so it kind of fixed it, my my brain but let's see did I get my get my note from my doctor? Did she get back to you? No, she didn't. Did you let her know? There's no way for me to cop the cop copy you on that. Unfortunately. That's all right. Well, I appreciate that. I'm glad that you made that effort. And yeah, we'll see. But I'm sure you guys have another way to get to Kaiser to besides me. I'm sure there's there has to be for you. Alright. Ah, you know, I am newish. I'm just saying. Kaiser is weird. It really is. Yeah. Well, today I was hoping to just learn a little bit more about you keep talking about your background, maybe talk about your goals than anything else that's on your mind today. goals would be like just like the mention that understanding like these SaLuSa nations a little more and why they happen. I don't know. Sometimes it makes me I being so self aware things and you don't find anything on the end or internet about the hallucinations. That make sense to me. Because I don't know. Maybe if I understand them more they might help me not have them as bad bad. Yeah. Less last week we talked a little bit about just feeling paranoid, that kind of thing. That's all part of it is I mean with elimination so that I get I have those nations on and become paranoid. Is Was that real was that not did that actually did happen? Did these six people drive by me for photographing me because I'm like driving too slow and doing this. I mean, like, this is like crazy. It's not happening. It can't be happening. Basically possible. I know in some, I mean, I do I have to just the process of elimination. It's like there's not enough someone's care in their mind. You'd be wanting to track me that bad. Yeah, your brain still goes there. Yes. Then I'll find like tracking software in my phone and it's like, and who knows if I'm putting that freaking tracking software into my phone myself just to make my brain I just tried to like how does it get there? Yeah, sounds really frustrating. So what kinds of hallucinations Do you have? Do you like hear voices or see things hear people telling me that I'm doing this wrong? I'm doing this and it's like or it's this overwhelming feeling that this is I've done this? It's like I don't know what I've done. To the beach. I mean it's always it's just chatter. I don't hear anything. But at least the nation started out as just being like shadows, like these things that would just whisper by me like, all the time, like and like these like, like just off to the sides and they were just always kind of like, in my periphery period peripherals. And then they that's when they put me on that they'd started me on the pills quiet Siri Okay. Does that help? That's like, I think it does help. Since I moved here, like the Roseville area, I don't think it's like as good is it? Well, I mean, because I think my routines aren't yet ready my routines aren't settled yet. Yeah, routine me so helpful. I don't do well without routine even if it's a bad routine. It's still a routine. I have some sort of the structure Yeah. That makes sense. Okay, so let's go back Archie the things that you hear. Do these voices ever tell you to do things? Yeah. Suggestive way to make things seem like things are right. Like, I have a real big problem. I want to pay attention to it all the time. But I'll be like flipped out because it'll take this you need this and like okay, and then I'll take it no, like, you know, why go someplace and they realize I did it. Sometimes I have enough balls to just go put it back. Sometimes they just throw it in the garbage doesn't make you feel talking about that. Terrible. Yeah. Because why would you do that? Notice same person doesn't do that. Sounds like this. Like it's like I didn't like I setting myself up to fail cons. Am I constantly constantly constantly, always making myself do things that are going to make me do things? Why would I do I don't mean to do those things. I don't want to do those things. Stand those things. I don't know why I would risk everything I've done in my life for something so stupid. And it's just it's chronic. And it's like I can't get it to stop I want it to go away it's scary. Yeah. So makes you feel scared and makes you feel frustrated with yourself. Because it's my own frickin what is it? What is that word? I like so much. Integrity. That's the only thing you have in mind is integrity. My integrity is shit. Because I can't control myself. My own integrity, my own personal integrity my integrity to my own soul far I've been good most part with other people's integrity I've never locked myself out the fights are going geez, voices ever tell you to hurt yourself or hurt other people that he's hurting people in retrospective I'm taking from their store taking them that is hurting somebody physically hurting them but it's not. That's still not it's still hurting it's like so little it's like little things just nothing big. It's like crazy. Like why? Stupid? Yeah, I've been I mean I've been hot once or twice and then like I just say, Hey, can I bought it? Like, I have money. It's not like I'm like. Yeah. I feel a lot of compassion for you right now. As you talk about this. It just sounds like it makes you feel so out of control and confused. And just it's not you it's just doesn't stop it just goes against season well, maybe that gets like worse and that's like my, like now like my sexual act types like often out of the control and it's like she's wheeze and it's just every year it gets like this during this time here and that's what I'm talking about. This can interest the date after we've had our conversation. And I guess other than the seasonal like seasonal depression does my seasonal sexual appetite just increase this heavily? Can you put me on more drugs so that'll make that better? Not that I'm so tired of so many drugs. It's crazy how many things I take that's just monthly drugs. Yeah, so you want you just want to understand what's going on? Or if I understand why my brain delights me, talks to me in this way and forces me to do these things. I might know how to put some handcuffs on my brain so you mentioned seeing some shadows. Do you see anything else? I see. Now I see full blown things that are really here. Things go on. Oh no, I don't know. If they're real sometimes. All these Friday know the people that are like following me and like doing these things. Maybe none of those real Yeah, I don't know I could I'll be my imagination. I've had a very active imagination level. That's been they've always there's always probably my excuse. What do you mean? I probably always hallucinating. I probably didn't have an active imagination. That's what everyone told me. Oh plan. You just have to see that. There's just you're just creative type. Like what kinds of things would you imagine? Oh, full blown. It's gonna give me a for instance and my brain will go crazy like, give you a boost one story. I see. In like this improv, like that improv with it. Like for instance, someone told us a story. He says Oh, my aunt came into the left shoe. And then cousins brains like going on the left shoe maybe she would have left she'd be she wonder where she left she left us. Yeah, she was leaving the house she saw two left shoes that matched each other and that's why she worked in love shoes and the other sock that she found that match that sock that she said she wear the two different socks in the two different shoes. That's why it's so my brain just goes like gets these like fills in a story. I fill in the blank really quickly on things and that's why I don't know if like maybe this is the paranoid thing. It's like there's always that's been around for a long, long, long time. Like, just not using but that's I can't say that. That's probably not not not real I think but I think the drugs they do help. They saw software and everything. Yeah. So you said the paranoid thing was has been around for a long time. How did you deal with that while you were in your jobs? I worked really hard. always worked. Many, many hours. I've worked in one place. I didn't work multiple jobs. I had one job where I worked 10 hours, 14 hours and with lots of people that helped me because I was the big boss. So I have my assistants and you know, I always kill SideRed like, like, like the eccentric ones, at least on my tangents. And I haven't been very creative because I was a chef and you know this like food and like build parties in my imagined whatever you could possibly imagine I made made happen sounds amazing. I did. I just amazing things amazing things and also coming to cost because like what did I do to get all this bad things happen to me now? I don't do bad thing. I've never done anything bad in my life to get any bad. Karma I'm everything I've done is good karma. It's hard to think of it that way. Sorry, wanting to get back or give to or robbing Peter to pay Paul Robinhood sense or not. You were under an extreme amount of stress during the pandemic and you had to make some decisions that you didn't on to me and that that you want a bad spot that got you in a really dark spot. And you're still trying to get out of that. I don't think it's necessarily that you did something bad at some point. You just went through this really stressful time. But then why would all these like things come up with like that? It makes sense now like that? Is it just because your brain makes fills in the blanks and says well you did this because that and that just shows you like the steps of being like bipolar my whole life. Like all these like crazy things like makes sense. To me. Now why would he have done that? Why did he sense of grandeur? Why was he like five years old and had a picture a higher hot hot air balloon in his pocket and told the kids at school that it was his hot air balloon and the picture of the Mercedes was his car and that was none of those things were true. But I did make those come true. You had a hot air balloon. Why didn't I went over my house just like in the picture was in my house. It was the people I worked for but I still got to do it. Get the bird the Mercedes but we had plenty of other people so everything my brain is fuck me with in a way I've done because I proved myself because I told somebody I did it when I was younger. I had to like make sure like, I don't I don't know these. That's where it makes sense that that that's bipolar. I see where the kid the kid saying that this is your life have you always like build things up and make them better than they really are like me that's even a bad example. But why? Why do you think a kid would do that? Maybe you've been just suffering it from yourself, but you just think of a random five year old telling stories. To his friends. What do you think the motivation there would be? I don't know that he's like bragging but it's not bragging. That's like over bragging. I mean, it's like you're jumping like six or seven social. Like it's like being a normal kid at a elementary school like in comparing yourself to to a Menza kid that has like, no no, that's not even a good one. That's not just educational change but they know rich kid didn't grow up rich kid that would be a story that would impress a rich kid that wouldn't doesn't impress a poor kid a poor kid just think you're fucking crazy. If that makes sense yeah, something that they would think that was cool. Yeah at all have higher blue. Why would you want to be in a hunter blue man, he might not have realized that at the time. Actually be impressed. I was listening. I was reading Architectural Digest. It's six. I mean, that was that this brain that was someone else sounds like you're incredibly intelligent. I really I am what is it? My vision my it's in my paperwork from my was like that. Especially I have visual, visual visual. Photographic Memory. Whoa. But I see. I'm remembering. Remember? Really, but it's to my detriment because I see everything and I remember everything in pictures. Okay, see see everything has like every everything. But you don't find it helpful. It is helpful if you want to remember that jersey wear this color shirt on this day. Like if it was something that stood out like I've learned not to pay attention to things as deeply because then I'll just remember she's just too many things and it clogs my brain. Yeah. But that's a someone mean you talk about this conversation later in a year or six months. We can I can. I'll remember. Basic. I have to go to the next step to the remember the step because my short term memory is really really, really bad. It's just then, like I won't remember my keys. That's why I say I've said last sessions that the pitchers the taking the pitchers, I think helps me jog my memory of what that was that I was trying to know if it was there. I knew if I if I can't recall it. I call it a like a Hulu. It's hallucination if I can with my pet if I if I don't have a picture of it and I'm recalling it that means I don't that's not real. So I always had said I take a lot of pictures of things just to try to keep track know that this is real or not real. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, well that's a goal understanding the hallucinations to have any other goals need to impact some trials and trauma? Okay. I think that's a good one too. I don't think we'll have you told me some things that were interesting to me but you have some skills and some things about that. I remember. Yes. My background is mostly as a trauma therapist actually. Some pretty scary shit that I went through. And I don't even know how much I do. Remember but considering I remember a lot of pitchers. I think if we did some kind of thing where you could pull things I think I need I wanted to get that stuff out of my mouth on my systems. Yeah, that makes sense. You kind of alluded to last time, some difficulties in our childhood, some domestic violence. Tell me more about your childhood. Sounds like you're raised by your mom. I was raised by my mom. My mom and me are 20 years apart. So we're not very far. Okay. We're very close. Then I was in closer to my grandma, who raised me till she passed away when I was 25 years. Old. 26 years old. Okay, she died very young. For that mom and dad divorced when I was seven. My father is my real dad. He's what's easiest way to call it. Trust Fund hillbilly. Oh, interesting combination. I grew up that's perfect. Grandparents on that side of the family. So you said is that the easy way Pinterest Do you think the best the better of everything. My mom grew up good normal, just skinny their background. So when we didn't the house, let me when I was born in 74. And then their parents between them. They bought the house and so mom had the house and the white picket fence. father who was a drug addict. Like drug addicts that have money or different drug addicts who said no. But it's still really tough on the family. So my these are stories that I've heard like my mom finally said I was overweight or my dad gave me ketamine on accident. I don't know how much trueness or not to back that story. But I know I was around a lot of a marijuana pot and I was born in Ohio was just created on during harvest and apart field and humble I mean I've been to harvest when I was a young guy seeing all that stuff in like Hells Angels stuff and the current drugs and how they cry. I mean, just like I've seen things like lots of things like yeah, I've seen not just the breakdown of something but bricks and bricks, marijuana and coke. Before it was being like ship didn't like things. So you grew up in Humboldt County, Fremont. My family My dad was kind of like the one that never got caught. Everyone went to jail. And my dad was not a person of interest because he's not he's was just kind of like, just, you know, low hanging fruit. Like no, he wasn't anybody. It was just funny the rich kid my my aunt, she was married to like the guys that was like, third and like Hells Angels guy is the guy that does that. Stuff. Very high up there. And yeah, I mean, she's not I mean, everything sad person died for son. There's just so many terrible things happened in my family Okay, we're back to what happened to me as a kid. I got sidetracked there. So yes, your parents got divorced when you were seven. And then after that you went to live with your grandmother. No, my mom. I was living with my mom but I spent a lot of time with my grandma. She lost her son to my uncle Buchi died in his 30s and I was the only boy so I kind of made up for help her. Like I was spoiled kid. I was really spoiled. My grandmother made sure I had everything I ever wanted and then even when I do something wrong, she wouldn't yell yell at me and make my mom not yell at me because and thereby is I could do nothing wrong. That was a good thing. Because that's just you can really hurt yourself like when you don't have since since since it's like I didn't right and wrong and all that stuff. I think I've hooked up to me because you were never given any limits. No Limits, but I was always praised because I was always praised. I think I learned how to get praised and I'd be working hard because I always worked hard. There's never been a problem. I never expected anything for nothing. My mom had a series of we were like moving you know we did this like my mom was wild. When she was younger, I mean, she we lived in lots of like it seemed like every six months or a year she would like we would we would have to move because she either ran out of money or we had too much money and we got to a better place I think like I really seven times in one year. We moved we didn't Oh wow. And then like one time she probably killed me but she's like young boyfriend. I mean, that's me. That's why I have a problem with liking young guys. Not young in the bathroom. Like just like my life like only like 25 years younger than not young like really young that way. Making very cool. Yeah. I got it so my mom got married. Again when I was like six set. My goal was seven divorce I think. So I was probably about eight. So really soon, maybe a year or two to two years later three here. Gotcha. guy called Charlie he had problems he got mad then I think he was drinker. He's the one that was I had all the the flashbacks and things about those things. My mom being beaten with a web running through the house. The house was like you know one of those houses like to the 80s They were so ugly some of the stuff they did with the houses and they were kind of maze like crime. Yeah, they was maze like and like they'd yell but the colors were like so bright like, like yellow shag carpet and black and white checkered walls and like, like glass all over the place. She was going to do that. I remember that. I think I blocked that. The witch thing and that's and this was like, probably a year she left. We were there and then he they from the story I'm told is they can soon as he tried to hit me. That's when my mom finally left. And he burned all of her stuff on the front of the house and just all kinds of weird stuff is just weird. Weird. Weird. Yeah. She also left mark the young guy before that she left mark that the young guy married Charlie and then he also met my father. The guy who called my father is my stepdad. Okay, he's the guy who raised me effectively from like from 13 years old. Maybe like somewhere maybe a little younger but Harry He's my dad. Okay, my stepfather and he's a good man. He changed her lives. He took the wild out Obama didn't drink alcohol for like 20 years. Didn't do anything. Like she was good. My mom good. My mom was good mom said that he did. Mom's a great mom today to grandma. She drinks too much but oh well. That's when you worked your whole life and you do whatever you do to help people in your good if you want to. You want to do that? Sopia not I can't judge. No, not my demons. I can't control my own. Yeah. So Harry just had a really positive effect on both of you. Yeah. You have his structure. gave me that structure. Like, like I I have to have it now. I know. That's because I was fucking bipolar. Then and I know. And without structure, I'm screwed. So what is the thought of Harry bring tears? To your eyes. This is dead AMISOM. I'm ashamed of me Yeah. When did he pass away? Four years ago now? 10 years 11 or 12 years. ago yeah yeah, things like that. You never really get over? No. Just like my grandma, she brings tears to my eyes and that was 30 years ago. Love now. You love them. You always will. bugging me structure. Like, maybe a mess when my mom died. But we're preparing myself. She thinks she's gonna die. She thinks she's dying every day. So another thing I have to deal with so what was school like for you? That was terrible. The school grade wise. But I was somehow managed to pass that was a sweet talker did the teachers they love me because I would bring them flowers. chocolate covered strawberries because I worked at a truffle factory when I was in high school I took too much food. Sugar when I get nervous. I'm feeling nervous. Right now. No, I'm telling you all things that I didn't unpack even with Abby. Do you need a break? We can always slow down if you want. Yeah, let's just change something for a minute. Okay. I think that's a good idea. Let's take a big deep breath See, you're talking about your doctor's appointments. Oh, yeah, they like change some. Like Abby got sick and then the people out here the new doctors they just canceled things and move things around. Nothing bad just changed my schedule. And it's like, yeah, that makes sense. So you've kind of alluded to having some medical issues in addition to your mental health struggles what's going on with your physical health? My when I was younger I had I did a dual compound fracture the tibia. So my right leg is like a is fused so that the ankles so like if your ankle goes like this normally you go up and down. Yeah, it goes like just like this and it stops there. Oh, so retrospect that happened in my tool they 20s Then no later years later, my like problems in the back because of that because I fake work really good. And so it's changed the gait of my like hips and like I make myself look like I'm walking normal, but because I'm always in pain. I've been in pain since that happened. That wasn't there because it's like walking on you think the how I explained actors. You trap your legs off, and you're on steps and you're just walking around on the gravel. That's what I'm sorry, I called the Frank that's just how it was. I told like that's my normal level. That's that's the baseline pain. That's normal. That's like very high, high high, high tolerance to pain. So that's when you take drugs you take too many drugs and you get too much alcohol because I my baseline was already screwed. Right? That makes you do anything you have to take more. That's why I think some of these like psych drugs they have Mayon are so high and they don't do anything because they were still not at the height of dosage yet. Yeah, yeah. I mean, they had me on like, like 600 milligrams on the Seroquel and when I was in the hospital, and then they backed me down to like 100 milligrams and it was like Jesus, this is really bad now it's kind of like it's almost worse than it was when I was in hospital. Then they win me back up to the big winners. You know, it just seems like this. But any cocktail for these things I know takes law can take years from what I've read. No one's really hasn't you can't take test and say Oh, this is the best thing for for this guy's brain that's doing this right. We're not quite there yet. Maybe someday. Yeah. Okay, so it sounds like you have a lot of chronic pain. I mean a lot of Yeah, chronic pain. Excuse me, my back you can be it's pretty much my back. My back just a lot of my like, ankles. They just stuck like, you know. They just stopped working. Yeah, and I saw I'm clumsy and I like lose my balance a lot. And it just depends on the time of day. In the morning. It's like my best activities I can do in the morning. But if I hit my ankle, they say getting into the shower then I didn't done for the day, at all times of the like oh then I'm gonna even like even on the cane even more than a trip on my cane any other practical issues, any other medical issues? Diabetes What else? Oh, hypertension. Okay. Hearing loss super super depth. Let me know forever names talk louder. Anything up? That's what I I didn't want to know how loud it is. Okay, definite day. I increase volume for most things. Okay. So you mentioned some substances Do you still like drink do drugs these days? I don't do any of those. But sex. Sex is a drug that's that there is it's when it's not with someone that you're when you're just randomly going out to do it. And going on Grindr. It's not super smart, but I tried to me I don't know why I'm doing it half the time because I wake up and then I'm, I've already been there done that. And that's when I have had done some drugs and stuff. I don't like to generally talk about the theory. Yes, I'm no angel. I'm not a chronic user. I don't like using them. But they have happened in my life. It's just they're not like the I pulled like all my histories from my all of my medical records like they let me and I went through every single AI thing helped me do it. I went through the last 10 years. And there's no collective history of any drug. Like, there's not enough even history to say that I'm even like a casual user within the medical records of what they have, and I go to the doctor a lot in the last four years, and they can't even say within the last four years. You have these things like in my I got really upset with Kaiser because they labeled me as a drug user and alcoholic. But they didn't have any substantial data to back it up. And so then I'm still in the process of them redacting all that stuff from my records because you can't you have to have proof to call me that. No, um, yeah, just say, I know, I know. It wasn't because I got popped for this problem. It's because I told them in my intakes I was, but I don't know. But then I'm also bipolar. And I'm this and that. I don't know if I was on a fucking story and they're just given them some kind of fucking what they wanted to hear. Yeah. And then it followed me for like years. Like, you know, I finally got the all these things and like, you know, it's like, but maybe that's also maybe that's weird to want to prove something like that. It's like, well, it does affect your medical care. Because it's like they didn't like to help me. All they said was you're an alcoholic. Yeah, you're an alcoholic. I said they'll dismiss you or have a drug or alcohol problem. So took me a long time to prove that I don't have an alcohol or drug problem. So I'm very scared of saying anything about either one of them because it goes into your record permanent record again, it's like I got drunk. It doesn't make me an alcoholic. I get that. I went out. I use some drugs. I think most of us have at some point. Yes. Most of them are legal. These days. Yeah, I get it. So yeah, I'm sorry that you experience that Miss labeling and stigma happens but whatever. Me things can be corrected. That's why I was like these will always can be better. If you do. Do your do your research. You can fix something. Just like if you want to be a different person, want to like live a better life. I don't believe that anyone who wants to be on the streets on the street. They want to be on the street if they're on the street. I'm sorry, I it's really I know that there's plenty of people that will tell me that I'm wrong. But if you don't want to be on that street you wouldn't be I agree with that. And I used to work with the homeless population and I talked to them and I'm every day I do when I went to work and I walked by and long in depth conversations with some of them for like, smoking a cigarette just because that's what you did. Thanks, guys. I could give him food because I was a chef. Yeah. I would even deal with the ones that would tell me they're gluten free for your fucking home. Listen you're gluten free. Fuck you. That's great. free always. And you're gonna be picky about your diet. You probably don't even have a celiacs San Francisco Yeah, love you live there. You live in the Bay Area. I live in San Francisco. Okay. Yeah, I worked in Selma before. I worked in the Google building right there on street nice street. Oh, cool. So you probably knows. Yeah. That yeah, yeah. I don't know what it's like now after a pandemic but right. They may have changed homes. Who knows? Right, right. I don't even know what homeless people did during the pandemic. disease they stay outside still. Yeah. We'll have some jam. Yeah. That will make me sad if I think about that. Yeah. Well, Quinton, we do have to start wrapping up. I didn't even notice. Sorry. No, you're all good. I just want to check in with you. Just quick. I noticed again that you marked off having some suicidal thoughts. Is that still like the passive, passive type? Yeah, I need to put that in there. They should have like a little spot to add things. So yeah, that's a cool idea. Actually. Like notes. Yeah. Yeah. Doesn't like throw the red flags that you guys because I'm sure it's like sets an alarm off on your thing. Oh, oh. Yeah. I just want to check in. How do you think we did today in this session? Yeah. I think I I didn't stutter is bad. So that's always a good sign. Because I cannot I can I can get to the point where I don't stutter and I'm almost pretty normal. Comfortable with somebody. Yeah. I really appreciate your vulnerability today talking about some of this really tough stuff. I could tell at times it wasn't easy. And sometimes it's easier to throw big things out. And beginning for me. My waters of how long we're gonna be able to navigate it in the future. When I when we circle back and we dig deeper on things, right. And if you know I ever ask a question that you're not comfortable with or even like today, if it's going to be too much, you can just tell me Kareena we have to pump the brakes here. And I'm good with that. I have to push push push myself. That's that's part of my mind. The other thing I have to have that push because I don't think they're good things good. Things will never get done if I'm not pushed as my mom would say. Okay, well, I hope you have a really good week. Keep taking care. of yourself. And I will see you next week. We'll be back at 3pm If that's okay with you on Yeah, that was when we Lastly, we said we might be able to change that to a G. That's my bipolar group. It's the same. Oh, great. It's up to you. I mean, I can still just figure it out. Maybe they can. Do you know No, no, I want you to be able to do that. Um, let me see can you by any chance do? Filling up my schedule here. So I mean it's fine for you get here What about could you do 11am on Wednesday? I can use I am on Wednesday. Yeah. Okay, that keeps it in the same birthday. The same timeframe? Like same day. No, not say, David. That's good. That works. Yeah. Sam like kind of first part of the week. Yeah. Okay. So Wednesdays at 11am Yes, I will move it and you should get like a new Google invite to look for. All right. Thank you. Awesome. All right. Bye. Have a good night. Going on.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai