Okay. Hi, hi Clinton. How's it going today? I'm okay. How are you I'm feeling pretty good. Are you feeling better this week? Yes and no, okay, say more. There was a little episode going on in the midst of the US last week. For me, yeah. It's still, I think I've been manic for a minute, and I kind of come to grips with it. I was that I was and trying to sort things out and get it back to where I need to be back to. I think I was, I don't know how long I was on, I was there, but I was out there for a minute. I can't tell if it was one week or two weeks or it was a month, but there was a lot of things gone wrong. What kinds of things just I could tell that things that I was doing, things successively. I went back and looked at credit cards and I looked at things that I wouldn't normally access. Dash, yes, you said you put too much, like, charges on your charges. And I just, like, think I just noticed they've done some stupid things. You know? Yeah, risky things. I know when I get risky and I don't know I'm being risky, the risk when I see the risks were taken, you see the evidence later on? Yeah, so that's how generally figure it out. It's not I don't know when it's happening. I don't pay them. I'm not that smart yet to know that it's started or starting or because sometimes I just think they're all hallucinations. Yeah, so it's hard to know what's real and what's not, yeah. And as you said, what was the Crips of it was, I ended up ordering like five different scanners to check the vehicle for bugs. And that was kind of my tail that is almost up because I know I'm always think I'm being followed. I get that, but I don't usually go all FBI on it and order forensic quality bug sniffers. They're very hard to use. Finally, have only one more to return. They spent a couple $1,000 on them because I couldn't know how to use it, so I just kept on buying a better one, thinking, the better you buy, the easier it'll get. That wasn't necessarily the case. So that must have been so frustrating for you, yeah, but I think there is a bug on the car still, I just so listening to you, listening or following is following and like, no tracking everything. It's like, I don't know, then it's probably my brain, because I track everything else. It's probably me. This my brain saying, fuck you. I Oh, I track everything because I don't trust myself. How do you track things, everything, using my AI, my banks, my watch, my I'm probably the only person on earth that loves that Google tells you exactly where you're at at all times. Most people turn off all those features because they don't want to be tracked. Yeah, and I have every single tracker available on Google and multiple different, multiple devices, so I in case one's not with me. So you suspect there is a bug in the car, but it's something that you put there at some point I put it. Probably did it myself. Maybe it's a good possibility. So I've had that happen before, where I was the culprit in my own, my own, like pageant or whatever it is, whatever my brain decided to do to me that that time, yeah, but you Can't remember putting a bug in your car? No and if there is a bug in your car, what does that mean for you? Just need to find it and figure out what it is like if it's trans I learned a lot about bugs. I'm fully vested in them now so. But, I mean, it was so sad. I was sitting there at Kaiser, I was on top of that. I thought I was getting I thought I was infected by somebody like, someone like, purposely tried to get me sick, and so I went and got every test known to man done, and there was nothing okay. So I'm already on PrEP, and I'm already on, like, I'm pretty safe with that stuff. I think, even though then I think I don't remember, maybe I'm not safe. So you thought you had, like, a wick sexually transmitted Yeah, so I went and got tested, yeah, and got on doxycycline, and which is something I never wanted to really get on you. That's just bad for you. What's that? It's some high powered antibiotics you take after you think you might have gotten exposed. You have preventative and post. It's like the after prevent it. It's basically like a, those, what is that? Like a, girls, guys, like the pregnancy one, oh, Plan B, yeah. It's kind of like that. But for like, gonorrhea, I see. Okay, yeah, gotcha. So it just sounds like a really disorienting time. Yeah, I think it's like my birthday, and I know that it's last year it was this way, and the year before, every year there's crazy, crazy things that just happened. When is your birthday? The 25th Okay, so four days from now, and then they mellows out, hopefully by Thanksgiving, and then it all wickedly comes back for Christmas. And then I usually have a couple nice months in January and February. Why do you think your birthday is such a trigger for you? Why do you think it's the birthday? I think it's the time of year. It's a gear up for holidays and school and having to be around people again. Mm, and then, like, this year is gonna be so different, because we moved here, and then my mom rented a cabin, and it's like, now I'm gonna be forced to be in Lake Tahoe with my my family for your birthday. No for Christmas, seven days. Who does that? Who goes to a cabin for seven days through Christmas? Yeah, so how are you going to spend your birthday? I've been putting things and investing things into the garage like that's what all I wanted, was things for the garage to make it better space for me to tinker around and do things, because I need a little workspace, and that was the space. So my mom kind of let me blow a few bucks on making that real nice. That's all I really wanted. I didn't want, like, seven I buy whatever I want, or I've gotten whatever I want in life already. What are you gonna do? I'm not like 12 anymore. I mean, you're an adult. When you want something, you buy it. Like, wait, maybe, maybe more, maybe real regular people wait, but I don't know. How are you going to celebrate that? Will you and your mom like she was cooking something up with noodles? My mom's friend? Okay, I don't really want to. I'm not a celebrator. It's just another day, whatever. Yeah, if you want to go send some money, let's go. We go fancy our dinner. That's okay. Not gonna complain about that. But, and then I don't even know, like, who restaurants out here? Yeah, I mean, I know, like, streamline, cool, like El porfino and like Brazilian steakhouse. So those kind of things I don't know. Like, where that cool restaurant is? That really special kind of restaurant, I don't know those places yet. Kind of good Mexican restaurant, though. Okay, that's nice, yeah, my friend mama, Arsha. She's like my friend that I've known the longest in my life. She came up this past weekend and stayed with us on Sunday. Okay, yeah, to a Mexican restaurant and had a mojet Mohit here, those stone bowls. Oh, all the different meats and cheese. It was good, nice, nice and a huge, I like much a lot of because it's like alcohol, but without the alcohol kind of I would consider it really a drink, because it's mostly tomato juice. I had one of those nice What was it like seeing your friends? Good to see Marsha. I mean, she's, I love her, but she's getting so she's getting She's five years older than my mom, so because she was my sixth grade school teacher, fifth and sixth grade, but we've saved friends our whole life, my whole life. Wow, so that's amazing. It's like I babysat her to be her son little boy, and he's now a doctor in Fremont, crazy. I mean, like, really, like his own practice, and it's like, yeah, here's the wife is diapers. Oh, yikes. That's crazy to think about. Yeah. So Clinton, so it sounds like you've had a manic episode. I'm wondering how you're feeling about your psych meds right now. Do you think they're helping? I'm not having success getting an appointment Well, with this new one, and it might be my body, my mind might be not letting me get an appointment with them very easily. I've noticed, I've noticed some things, like when I was manic, that I was probably making myself not get the appointment because I don't like the Roseville people. Okay, I'm blocking myself somehow, and I've come to that conclusion, and I need to talk to Abby about it and tell her, like I want to see if they'll let me keep Abby and Dr Greenwood, if I say I'll leave seasonally in print in the Bay Area, like, because they still own a house there. So it's not like they can say I can't I can change my address six months out of the year, if you let me have my doctors that I can handle, and I don't know if they'll let me do this, I'm gonna pitch it to the doctors and see if They will let me okay, because I don't know the idea is that mental health, they said they needed to be local to where you're at. But what's the difference? If I go mental they ship me out. They don't have any, they don't have any they don't have hospital. So what's the difference? And they want everything virtual. So this says to me, it's not the don't give me an appointment, but every three weeks. I mean, come on, that's not helping my brain. That's putting me back on the shelf, like they'll put me got me so fucked up the first time. So I thought you had your last session with Abby. I did, but she let me go. She knows I'm struggling. She let me feed. Worked out a deal. She let me just go monthly. Okay, gotcha. So you're checking in with her mom. Check in, that's exactly what it's called a check in. We're calling it therapy. Don't want to get the other therapist upset I see. So what is that like for you? I'm so happy, I mean, because, I mean, that's like, I mean, I get you during the week, and then I have Abby, like, once a month, and like, that helps me a lot. That gives me this, like, sense of confidence that I'm not losing everything that I've worked for, and I can feel comfortable with telling you that I'm had an episode and like, I call this lady and tell her, Hey, I had an episode. And she she'll say, Well, if you book an appointment in three weeks, we'll talk about it. What the fuck? Really, it's not very helpful. I know, I know if I was in, if it was got any worse than it was last week, I could have made an emergency phone call to the Kaiser free Livermore and put a message on Abby's special voicemail that she calls back immediately within, pretty quickly, if you leave a message on that, that much, that one, she gets back to you no matter what, even if she's on vacation, she's called me so, oh, sorry, go ahead. Oh no, it's okay. I'm probably just over explaining my theory on this. No, it's all good. So are you still taking your medications right now, or I'm back on them? From what I can tell, 100% I was I wasn't not taking them, but I think I was picking, choosing what I wanted to take. If that makes sense, yeah, which ones do you feel like you were taking? I know it's just I don't like taking. I take the psych meds. Those don't bother me. It's all the other shit that they have me on that I don't take. Okay, so you've been taking your psych meds pretty consistently. The psych meds I don't I like, I need the psych meds from like I get. I don't like the hallucinations when I'm not on them. So you don't like to what the hallucinations are really, really ramp up. They're already ramping up, as it is with the meds. But and I just don't like them when they're I don't like this. This too much. Okay, so you still have enough of those and you're taking it. Yeah, that's good. So let's talk about, have you met with the Roseville psychiatrist? Or No? No, okay, therapists, yes, not psychiatrists, because they canceled my appointment twice, because they kept seeing that there was another psychiatrist, so because they haven't, like, let me go completely from Pleasanton I see so they keep canceling you, yeah, but they have you seeing a therapist over there too, where, yeah, They seeing a therapist once, some once a month, every three in Roseville, but it's virtual. Okay, gotcha. So I'm surprised they're letting you see me and a therapist over there. I don't know. Yeah, I know I hear him. I'm a medical takes care of all this, so I know that when someone pays bills, they don't probably question, yeah, yeah. Well, um, Clinton, I would love to get in touch with some of your other therapists, just to so that we can all get on the same page here. Mission, yeah, did my psychiatrist ever get reached out back out to you? No, nobody has reached out to me and I don't have their contact information. That is weird, that they set you up with me, and then no one gets you. Yeah, I'm kind of all alone, kind of in the dark. That's weird. Any contact information for Abby? Let me see if I give you Abby phone number and then you just call her. Okay, that might be the easiest way for Abby. If

Transcribed by https://otter.ai