Okay, now we're looking for Abby phone number. Abby mental health. Yeah, she's in my emergency contacts, actually, okay, her phone number is a nine to five, all right, 847847, yeah, 847, all right, 5155 i Okay, so I have 925-847-5155, yeah, and is that her office number? That's her direct line. So it goes to her office and and she's, isn't she never answers that phone, but she leave a message, she gets back to you. Gotcha? Okay, great. Well, that's really helpful. Thank you. And then, I don't know, yeah, that's good. Kp.org, to get pulled to the other people and leave them messages through the message system. Yeah. Well, maybe if I even just get in touch with Abby, she would know the numbers for the other people too. Yeah, because they didn't give me their numbers directly. Like the only they give me, that is the 800 like the device nurse, gotcha, yeah, yeah, yeah, it can be hard to get in touch with Kaiser people. So this is helpful. Oh, I talked to mom about her last time when we were talking and her just like freaking so in it, like trying to begin the conversation. I told her she can't do that. Oh, okay. Oh, it's fine. She, I'm sure she, she, she knows that she's pushing it. Okay, she's being nosy. Yeah, how? How has she been helping you during all this? She doesn't know. I didn't she was away. She went away for a week, and that's when I figured it out that you were manic. Yeah, she usually keeps me too busy. So if I'm manic and busy, I probably don't do things wrong as much. Yeah, but if I manic and left to my own devices, yeah, yeah, I see. So she tries to keep you on a regular, like schedule. She She helps me with the schedule. That's good. That's good. How has it been having her back now? Oh, it's good. She came back sick, so I feel but it's fine. She'll get she'll get better. She's just a sick sick I'm not a sick, sick person. I just kind of just deal, even though I'm still congested. Yeah, yeah, it seems like it's going around right now. Yeah, got a humidifier and it made it better. Oh, nice. So going back, okay, to the Roseville business. You said you have a mental block. What is it about the Roseville people that you don't like? The Roseville Kaiser people, I think them telling me, three weeks they gave me a bad taste, yeah, turned you off from them, because it puts me right back to where I was when I was in San Jose. And they did it to me. I got out of the mental hospital, and then they told me, Oh, in three weeks, we can see you three weeks. I mean, I just was one day out of the hospital. Yeah, I didn't have any money to get, like, private therapy. I didn't have any resources I just got. I just lost my job. I just everything was just falling apart. Yeah, yeah, you were really relying on them when they let you down. And for a year, it was that way. And then finally, I, before Kaiser took over Medi Cal, we had to go through another ala Media Alliance or something like that. Okay, it's like another agency. I What is it called? When, when you get upset and you write I, I filed a grievance against San Jose, and that's when my life changed, and I had all of these great resources to my help. When Pleasanton took over, gotcha, they were a lot more attentive to you, and maybe that's because I did the grievance. Who knows you finally got the help. You I finally got help. And it wasn't like it was to me how it should have been the whole time. Maybe I would have, maybe I wouldn't have spiraled so horrifically after being in the mental hospital, if they would have cared for me a little better, and I wouldn't be in this space now where I still don't have, I don't have the ability to do the jobs that I did before. I don't, I don't. I just wish I did. I really, really do. I mean, I try, I think about it, and I try to, like, rehearse, like, what it what it would be like, what would you do, Clinton? What if you didn't have mom? What if you didn't have this gift of being able to survive because your family loves you? What the fuck would Clinton do? And over and over again, I think I don't know how I don't, I don't, I couldn't, I don't. I couldn't do my job. That a job that I did before. Yeah, I don't even speak well enough anymore to, like, come off it like I'm even slightly this is this guy that made companies millions and millions of dollars. Now it just sounds like some far fetched pipe dream of some weirdo. It feels like a different lifetime to you. It just doesn't even make sense, you know? So when? So when the Roseville Kaiser people treat you that way, it just brings you back to this makes you feel like you're getting off track. Yeah, I guess it did get me off track, but that also give me because my mind does that to me, it's just not it's just the brain is cruel. So what do you think your next steps are, as far as talking to a psychiatrist? I think I gonna talk with Abby on the fourth I think it's coming up and then, or I can just reach out to the 800 number and try to get a med, a med check, look. Or I can call Dr Greenwood too. Yeah, I might just, I might just try to do DR Greenwood and tell her that I need her to look at my medication for me real quick, because I know I just got out of an episode and and you're probably going to call Abby and tell her that, and they'll probably do that for me anyhow, hopefully, yeah. So have you still been going to your bipolar support group? I didn't go the last two weeks. I just there was something. I don't know what turned me off on that one, but I can go back those things, and people change them so often. So I just was in a bad cycle. I think, yeah, have any like, like friends right now, my one friend that I was hanging out with, I decided isn't a bigger judge, isn't a good isn't good for me. What made you decide that things I know that he was doing that I know that I would be doing if I stayed where I'm hanging with him. So drugs, just drugs and just not caring, just you have to live by a code, at least I do. I need to be follow the rules. I only need to break rules just to break rules. In a bad person isn't a bad person, it's just, you know, some people skirt the edges of life. Sounds like he was going through a hard time too, yes. And I can't, like, I don't want to down the guy, like, and say, this is, he's getting help. He's in his he's getting, he's in a special program of some sort that's good helping him. It's like, you know, he's a halfway house. I think, okay, yeah, yeah. So you don't have any friends right now, no, but that's okay. I mean, I need to, like, make new for new friends I need to figure out. And I'm like, almost close enough to, like, feeling I can go to the meet some old people I'm getting my I know I'm like, my brain is almost ready for it. Okay, you just need a little bit more time. Yeah, because I know I don't know how to talk to anyone that's old. We know how to conversate, yes, but not I just don't. We don't have, like, even music in common with each other, talking about electronica. What's that? Yeah, so you're gonna have to be in the right mindset for this, yeah. So you said your mom, she's home, she's sick, but she typically puts you on a schedule, yeah? So what's that gonna look like now? Oh, schedules back to normal, already. Okay? Walk me through what your schedule is looking like. Well, I get up about seven, good 637, sometimes, and then that's my free time, because mom sleeps in, oh yeah, she gets up about 10 or 11, okay, yeah. And so that gives me, like time to, like, do whatever I need to do, like, without anyone, like, following me. Would you like to do in your free time? I don't know. I don't I'm always trying to fix something, believe it or not, or improve something. Okay, yeah, see, just kind of like work around the house. I work around the house. I mean, it could be organized. I take so freaking long to do everything. It could be like. The other day, I just reorganized the cupboard underneath my bathroom, and it took four hours. It seemed like, wow, oh, because I'll get like in my head, and then I'll like, take the doors off the off the cupboard and try to make sure that they're oiled properly brings in the hinges. I do really weird. I go, like, I overthink it too much. Yeah, you do a really, really good job. It's like, really, really clean. And then it's wallpapered and new flooring in the bath, in the cupboard. Yeah, yeah, I just completely redo it, yeah, then I think it needs lighting or something, you name it, I'll figure out a way to blow it up. One thing just leads to the next, yeah. And then if I finish it, that's good. Usually the case is I don't quite finish it, and then I'm left with this, like, half assed project that I need to, like half ass continue to work on, because I'm too mentally exhausted to complete it. But I just know that I have to, yeah, do you go back to your projects, or do you just start? I circle back, okay, that's good. I mean, I have to, because, like, yeah, I even, even me. I get upset that I don't get them done. I used to always get everything done. You're very good at that project management and checking the boxes. Yeah, yeah, you were really efficient. Yeah. Now I'm still make efficiencies. I try to, but sometimes I spend so long trying to build this efficiency that I don't I might as well not have done it at all, because I made it so obsolete, because I took so long to do it. So your mom wakes up around 10 or 11, and then what do you do? Whatever? She needs, and then I continue my projects, and my gardening starts in the afternoon, after it cools down a little, but then it gets hotter here in the afternoon, so it's then it ends up being like me doing it at like seven o'clock or eight o'clock at night, okay? And that's when I water and prune, yeah, so once the sun is going down, yeah, no, actually, usually it's dark, and I could just put a headset on my head and just I know, go at it in the dark. Actually, I did some really good pruning. One time when I was didn't have no lights, I just kind of pruned by feel. Oh, wow, that's talent. Yeah, I'm Edward Scissorhands. If it's dying, I'll kill it. I'll cut it out. You don't, because a plant doesn't grow unless you get rid of all the death. My personal theory on this stuff. So, yeah, we have a lot of big, huge ass rose bushes now they're kind of small. Okay, that's all right, it's the end of the season, right? Yeah, and she doesn't want to back anyhow, so, yeah. So do you eat your meals at the same time each day? What does that look like? We eat meals at the same time, about 630 or dinner, yeah, I make food usually, or we order out sometimes. Okay? And what time do you have lunch? Um, lunch. I eat my breakfast in the morning. Okay, so you have, like, brunch, yeah, brunch. And then I usually just snack lunch, because I'll make her her lunch, because she doesn't eat lunch till like two. So I snack lunch and then she has her whatever I make her, what she don't cook anything. Okay, so you're the cook of the family. Yeah, no, she doesn't like to anymore. How do you feel about cooking? Oh, fly as long as I get my trivoli, and now I got it back. So I'm happy we got it back. Do those trevoli things a lot. It's like the meal service. They send you a kit, but they're, like, Chef inspired. They're actually very good, nice. So you just have to put it together. You just have to, like, chop a couple vegetables and do a couple things. They're not like, crazy, okay, that's nice, easier. Yeah, no, it helps my brain. Because, like, that's one of the things. Like, I the processes of getting it started to take way too long. Then people would be, like, starving, because it takes me so long to, like, get the process going. I see where that's just, like, three steps. Anyone can do three steps. Even me more, like, just right in front of you, yeah. And then you hit it with a scantron, and it scans it, and it just cooks it perfectly for you, wow. So you don't have to sit there and like, over it, yeah, that's crazy. My eyes are bugging me so bad. Yeah, I've noticed you like, closing an eye, is it like, allergies or what's going on? Oh, the fans on in my room, and I've been, like, suffering with the allergies. G Kim, congested, and I've been working a lot in the garage and getting things situated. So, knowing me, I'm I know that I glue some sawdust into my eyes, then they I'm still suffering the consequences of that little accident. That's not good. I know, but if I go flush them, they'll be fine. Okay, that's good. So what time do you usually go to bed? Oh, this varies. I'm a night owl. Generally. I like fall asleep fairly early, if you don't lose around I'll, like, fall asleep at like, 10 or 11, okay, and then I'll wake up at like, one or something. Oh, what do you do when you wake up? Then, I don't know, then I just get on the computer or fart around our placement, or I like the pain at that hour, no one's around, we're all clean. Start cleaning something. Oh, wow, I don't force myself to sleep. If I'm awake, I'm awake, and I don't stay in bed. If I'm awake, I don't lay in bed good, because that's not healthy for me. Yeah, that makes you feel really frustrated. Yeah, I'm not willing to like watch TV in bed either. Really, even though I have a TV in my room, I don't like sit there and like, watch TV. Yeah. So when do you typically go back to bed then, oh, generally, like, I fall back to sleep, like, sometimes right away, like an hour later, sometimes I'm up to like four, okay, sleep two hours and get back up to seven. Yeah, then I struggle all day and do my little nodding off thing, right, right? So you feel tired a lot. Yeah. Exhausted, tired. How do you manage just to wake up at the same time each day? I have a lot of alarms. Okay, I am a morning person. I like the mornings so it gives me, gives me a reason to be up. I don't like, I don't like dusk, or what is the Twilight? I don't that time of day at all. It's scary, and I've had problems with dusk for many years. See for your sun rises to sunset? Oh, yeah, no, I like sunset. Dusk is that time right before the sunset? Oh, okay, it's a sundowner thing. My body really gets fucked up with that. So I just can't wait for me to get dementia or something. I'll be really fucked because they get all messed up when they have least my experience with working with people that have had dementia, I'm not smart enough to get it, so only the smart people get very smart, no, but those are no and I'm not a good person. So this is only good people and people that are smart, dementia, sad, Huh, interesting. Where did you learn that just my own observations, a lot of smart people in my family got it. Gotcha so. So Quinton, I also want to spend a little bit of time today going back to your goals, your goals for therapy, and if you remember one of your goals is to increase your understanding of your psychosis. How do you think you've increased it so far. I caught myself. Someone tell didn't tell me that I was there. Someone didn't tell me I was manic this time. Okay? I think I caught myself being manic. You realized that I caught myself, yeah, yeah, nice. Not that it's good that I caught myself, that I should have caught it earlier, but I still caught myself, and I was brave enough to call the Kaiser and tell them that I had that sexual encounter, I just didn't let it go. Yeah, that takes some courage. Yeah, what would you like to learn about your psychosis in the future? I Why does it happen? Why? I mean, what is it? Have I always been that way and just never knew it. Sorry I got lost there in my thoughts, no, you're all good. I was thinking about it too. What was on your mind? I don't know. It felt like a huge like, fast, forward, rewind, stop, spit out the tape deck and put it back in replayed. Lots of bracing thoughts, yeah, that's another thing that I observed during this time, when I manic, I don't think about death as much. It's kind of weird. My idea is that maybe that my brain doesn't have time, still busy thinking about other things. Yeah, because I didn't, I was thinking about it, and I was like thinking, yeah, it was like, not there. It was like, I was I thought that was interesting. It's nothing, I want to kill myself. It just, I always think, it's, you know, it's just the act of thinking about it all the time, right, right, yeah, speaking of that, Quentin, would you be open to doing your survey today before we wrap things up? Okay, I can put it in the Can we go through it together, or do I need to fill it out? No, we can go through it together. Okay, so I don't know if I can cognitively. Oh, I get what you're saying. Um, I'll try send this to me. You can do it that way. I don't think it's Yeah, Kaiser does that sometimes they like to share, but I understand how yours works, yeah, I wish we could. No, I have to do something. Chat box, yeah, all right, there you go, you can let me know if any questions come up about any of The items? Yeah, I'm sure they haven't changed. No, I is kava considered a drug? Yes, but I think it's more like an herb. I've been drinking a lot of Kava. Oh, what have you noticed? Very it helps me sleep in me. Oh, interesting. I staying, yeah, I pretty can't have, like, a calming type of fact, yeah, where are you getting it? There's a kava restaurant that is DoorDash. Oh, nice. I don't know how legal that is, but yeah, my Yeah, the place is called the happiness of life, okay, yeah, yeah, right now, I mean, it's not regulated, so you can get a $17 kava brought to you. Wow, luxury. It's a luxury. Yes, it's better than going there. It's it's a shit show. Too many people, too many hipsters for me, yeah, it's a kava bar. So people go and sit there and socially drink Kava. I Hmm, it's getting more and more popular. I'm just staring at these. Sorry, no, that's okay being easily. Yes, it's been bad lately. Yes, That was a Good catch. You how's your dog doing? Well? Thank you. Being a little bit more quiet today, so that's good. If I sell my car, and my mom said I can have a dog. Oh, that would be so fun for you. What kind of dog would you like? Macaba poo. Oh, yes, I could definitely see that or a Paddington. I don't think I've ever seen one of those. They look just like Paddington bears. Oh, so cute. Those ones even come potty trained, really, that's helpful. $4,700 in a year. Wait, a lot of work. No, the year, wait is the thing that's mind boggling to me. Yeah, you have to pay for it ahead of time, and then later year, wow, is everything going okay with the Questions? I'm yeah, I'm at mood right now, and I these are the important ones that I feel understood and respected by my therapist strongly agree. I am making progress. Yes, agree. I don't see it as if I answer, I don't remember answering the death question, but if I did wrong, we'll see you're done. All right, let me take a look here. Okay, yeah, your anxiety is way up since the last time we talked. Depression is up a little bit. Yeah, you marked off some thoughts about death. Would you say those are still like passive thoughts, very passive. Okay, now that it's not like last week, okay, I was trying, like, I was trying to say, Hey, this is, yeah, it was an interesting observation that I didn't think about it as much well. Remember, Clinton, you have your safety plan. Yes, go to that. If these thoughts start really bothering you. On my end, I'm going to reach out to Abby. I want to make sure we all get on the same page with your treatment, and hopefully we can get you talking to a psychiatrist too. Yeah, because I think that would be really helpful. Um, but yeah. Otherwise, I will talk to you same time next week, okay? I thank you for your thank you. Yes, take care of yourself. All Right, bye, all Right. Bye. You. Did you have the shit to my bathroom? I ma, did you have the shits in my bathroom? Did you have the poops in my bathroom? A couple of times? Okay, because I could smell it. That's okay. It's just, it's when I, when I first went To the Therapy. You some of Us Stronger than this, somewhere, I could be myself. Him. I need help. All right, what happened? I It. What happened? What happened? What happened? Yeah, it's rough, open. Oh. So if you were watching the DMC, you may have noticed during the world you last after the past governors have pledged out against a champion for voting rights, civil rights, LGBTQ rice, the rice for women and girls. So Democrats and independents, it's time for us to do the right program. Right President Trump and people have seen national security. Cardio state is considered between state of color. Portion Everest is about two points that said, CBS two can open coverage from the DMZ with Fairfield. All of a sudden, you get to the valley floor, and we are, indeed warm, 80s coming into the nose now. We're warmer than, for example, the delta, and we're warmer than you could say the immediate coastline, and when I say warmer, I'm talking about the valley floor. But we are not as warm as yesterday. Afternoon. High was 96 degrees today, 92 coming from Roseville for Antwerp, low 80s and four, Zero 80s. Able to identify a suspect using video evidence, and James Garvin turned himself in yesterday. He's been booked on charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment and assault with great bodily injury. Sacramento, her mother says she had no idea she died for more than a year. Your reporter covering Sacramento County, Madison, KV spoke to that Mother, now taking legal action, she was just a fun, loving person that was to be disheartened back Jesse Peterson in the work of her mother, ginger, the last time they spoke was April of last year. Peterson had just been admitted to Mercy San Juan Medical Center due to a diabetic episode. I gave the hospital a phone call and wanted to be transferred to Jesse's room, and they said they didn't have anybody there by that name. Peterson's family was told she was discharged medical advice at that point in time, we thought, you know, maybe she's just gone silent for a while. And you know, she was resurfaced again, her name and photo plastered around Sacramento. She was officially reported missing, I just programmed myself to be looking constantly. A phone call from the Sacramento County Sheriff's Office gave Peterson's family their first answer in a year. It wasn't even 24 hours after she died that they shipped her all to some storage facility in a freezer up on a shelf. The family's lawsuit alleges Peterson's body was transferred to the hospital's off site cold storage facility. A copy of her death certificate shows two dates, one in April of 2023 when Peterson died in the hospital of cardiopulmonary arrest the second date in April of 2024 that's when her death was reported to the coroner. I don't think that it's right that any family have to go through something like this. In a statement to CBS 13, a Dignity Health spokesperson says, We extend our deepest sympathies to the family during this difficult time, we miss her dearly. It's like a piece of us are missing and it just can't be replaced. Family asking for $5 million in that lawsuit for emotional distress as well as neglect by the hospital. All right, summer may be winding down, but one little spots menu still heat enough we're gonna take you to cafe Juju. Hey, Michael Marks your produce, man, you're three of the best deals of the week, including second season fake as I tell you what they are coming right up. Clean water is essential to our lives, and nothing filters bad stuff out of all the water in your home from every tap and shower like the life source water system, come home to healthy water per life call on the source. Let's try, Mama. Finally, an easy way find home improvement contractors. Just visit subcontractors, United com, and simplify Your search for health services professionals. No, You We We I only have one more day to do a return. I need you to do okay? I applied returns, okay, but one of them has to be done by tomorrow. Okay? I'll go do Your thing now, right now? Done. Then it's out of the way, then it's out of the way. There's six returns. Okay, you do the whole booth. I hope I did Amazon. Amazon's really hard. Amazon. I can do Amazon, the whole foods too. Amazon's tough. Do you have to be there at certain hours? Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, that's okay. It's okay. No, that is okay. Was easier. It is when They're open. When They're Open, I

Transcribed by https://otter.ai