Then I already changed. I already changed the step too. Just talk to me. Throw a mom where they asked me, you've made your problems Balance. Balance hands freezing, freezing because it's stuttering, the stuttering. Hands going to your feet. The feet they they freeze to lock up, lock up. I like cramp in position. Hearing sleeping, sleeping? Are you right handed yet? Epileptic? Seizure. No. You were in an accident, you had a concussion when I was younger. Yeah, young. I was, like, 10 years old. But it's the problem with my this these things is I overcame all my problems, and now my problems are coming back at me from way back in the past, because I don't like don't have that. How do you spell concussion, concussion, concussion, C, o, n, C, U, S, S, I, when you were to were 10 years old, major operations, yeah, yes, I had several. A big one was probably my leg, the dual compound fracture the tibia. That's where all the major I don't know how to spell all that jewel, compound fracture the tibia. There's the spelling. Okay, screws, hey, my body rejected the metal and then they all came out. You? Hospitalization. When I went to menville Hospital, when I went to the menville Hospital, when was that? It was two years ago. They're gonna ask September of 22 what happened? Mental breakdown, 2022 Are you currently on medications? Yes, C list, provided list. Do you have any allergies? Bees, bees, Bees. Thank see rose i Do you smoke? Yes. Casually, very No, I don't smoke. Saturday, I don't smoke. You do the Clinton here today? Good. Quit, it is not No Have you ever used street drugs? I have five. Most recent usage just marijuana, when the gummies last month she got the work history of where you have done, what you have done. I was regional, regional executive chef. You're going to define chef. My territory included no describe your duties. My territory included three states, Clinton duties, I manage. I manage, no but I managed chefs over three states, not all at once. Yes, I that's what my job was, mom. Okay, managed chefs ate. Yes, I managed executive chefs. Managed chefs. I could friend. Brand. Was in charge of what overseas I was in charge of the Food Service Program for tech companies like Google and 23andme are you able to still lean up against the wall? Food Program, like, are you able to, like, lean up against the wall and do this? No, three states. Three states. Google, meet. And then private for seven and a half years would be this? Would you be able to do that? September? 20 would you be able to before that? Before September was October, no January. September is August, September. August was my last time I worked. August, 22 work. Why did you stop break down? I had mental, mental breakdown, and just my world changed, physical activities or work conditions that are difficult for you, standing, standing, walking, concentrating. That's okay. Go ahead and blink out your eyes. That's okay. Falling asleep. I um, F, E, L, G, E, hands free. Okay, what about this 1e, D, M, hands lock up or crap, alright, stuttering when using panic attacks. Education, 12th grade, college, one year and finish one year who filled out this form, my mom self. No, my mom better. Mother, helped. Mother helped I feel that first page Better. Helped patients. Name provider's name, Kaiser, you type of identification, passport, translator, okay. Excuse me, did you drive? I drove after your relationship. I miss mother. I please. I didn't write all the medicines down. I did put that. I all the pills you have. Things what's different than what's on the list, Mom, that's a that's a lot of pills. I gave her a list a lot of this. That's a lot of things, 123456789, meditations in the in the morning, and then, yes, three are as needed, and Then four vitamins a day, more than you take. I You, I'm claustrophobic. Those things are super small, right? You. Thank you. Don't have a I'm not right. Don't upset me. Lee, come on. Cheyenne, just died. You hear? Different than the kinds of doctors, different than the kinds of doctors, different I this is kind of like an evaluative evaluator, Not one specialty. Do Oh, my Oh. Sure grandma lived in that house when Uncle remember that their clock is fast? Daniella, what did you get here? Did you drive? Or did somebody else drive? I drove? You drove? Okay, remember, I told y'all. Where'd you put all the stuff that was in here on the show? It's not really the best rain bag, Not the best bag for Rain you thank you for joining me, because I don't know what reminding me, because I don't know which of anything I don't know. No, I think you can have a car connected to it. I'm pretty sure it's individuals to that you have to connect it to. Right? Don't ask me. Frank, did you how did you get here today? Did somebody drive here? You found yourself? I drove? Okay, thank you. Yeah. I wrote a little bit about handwriting. Right now the contacts are moving like you might ask her how she goes. What get it out. It was dry and it was stuck up in her eyes. No, that's not what happened with Yes, I was given her a her right purple contact. You guys, contact. Yeah, you didn't put on there. You were bipolar. Talk to him about it, just to then give you this not a form for though that's physical only. This is basically what they say. That's my lawyer said they want this, the psych stuff that's a whole page or two you want to get into, get into that. I off rather just sign a paper saying you can Talk to Abby and and then that one girl temple. Inspection. I'm still here, saying it about the whole thing. Here's your table of contents. You said a lot of things. No, I have told you, but phone, yeah, I learned my lesson. The rest of the night. Was a professional. She took she was like, Yeah, I remember saying about anybody doing a sloppy drug was used. One thing I remember saying, because you don't get To start because that's what our project did. She Oh, what's that? Who's that from? I read the report so there was damage. We didn't read it either. The report, I don't think that ever hit. My brain is like that. I told her, I didn't say that. Maybe say that nobody was wondering. So I'm just like, I that says that we have to do it. This reads it. We have to do it. That's all. I read it. Do you guys need another copy for Frank SWID? I just want to make sure, because if we need another copy, To make sure, because if we get Another job yet, you know Was that 22 2018 Yeah, today. Hot So I remember when I was texting, him, all Right? I about, okay, okay, do I need my paper, paperwork? I'm gonna have you line up with me right here, and then you're gonna face this eye chart for me. Okay, okay, I'm gonna keep walking. You stay right here. All right, do you wear prescription glasses or contacts? Really dry, okay, so you don't wear them, just for every day. No, right? So, so I take it you had an eye test before. Then if you wear prescription glasses, I wear cheaters kind of close. Okay, all right. So just to keep things quickly, just to make you go by quickly, I'm going to just have you tell me the number of design that you can read all the letters I think a, a, yeah, can you go ahead and leave that out loud for me, I need to go Up to 7f, E, l, o, p, z, d, I thank you. All right, I'm gonna have you go ahead and cover up your left eye for me. All right. Now, with that, I the same question still applies, just the number of the line that you can see. Just seven is char, G, E, l, o, p, z, E, remember the one you can see all the letters and

Transcribed by https://otter.ai