I was trying to, starting to chat GDP, because I was trying to, I was trying to make this story. I was trying to make correct yes. And then half of that time was used to make this AI try to understand how to pronounce this word. I made up and did not figure it out for the fucking life of itself. And I was like, Okay, well, thank God for you that he has multiple different names. Which name, which of these names is easiest for you to pronounce? And he picked one. And I was like, Okay, let's try to pronounce this one. And he could, still couldn't figure it out. And then he got to the point where he would, I feel like he was deliberately mispronouncing it. And I was like, it's upset, and you have to, like, pause, huh? Pause for a minute. You run out of time. No, you just kept talking to me and you haven't bought yours yet that you paid the $20 No, you want to hear the story. You're gonna think I'm weird. I'm Savior having fun. No, it's, it's, it's, it's something that I made up a long time ago. It's about my dog. Story about my dog. First of all, the context, also, it's a story about my dog, but you're not supposed to. You're not supposed to reveal that he's a dog. Okay? Because it's not real. It's just made up more. And then you have to remember to teach yourself how to do this thing every day. Summarize all today's chats. You have to say that that way it makes a summary and puts it into memory. I've done that a few times with this guy. Yeah, oh no. It's like a weird prompt to like, make sure that it holds the information for a longer period of time. If you want it in a year from now, just press the button down and it'll read it to us. Here's the final version of the story with the personal opinion paragraph, the story of the Baggio bound to the contract the collapse of kevlarkia. Kevlarkia was a gas giant. Its massive atmosphere swirling whirling with chaotic winds and storms. Its inhabitants, the kevlarkians, were beings that could float effortlessly through the gaseous clouds, living among the swirling chaos of their dimension. The world was beautiful but unstable, with constant shifting of the environment. Among all of this stood chavagio, the extremely massive Baggio bound and the deity of butthole breath. He was so massive that His very presence drew everything in his dimension toward him, an immense force that no one could escape. Shabaggio was the only deity in Catholic the one who controlled everything. And he was used to being alone, but now the dimension was collapsing, torn apart by the weight of his own existence. His once serene world was in turmoil, and he was faced with an impossible decision, the arrival of v1 grove. This is markstone. In the midst of this destruction, v1 Grove arrived. He was a figure from another dimension, one that was connected to chabadio through the strange cosmic threads of the master omega alpha. V1 Grove was an old man with a strange affection for chabadio, one that bordered on obsession. He liked to invade chabaci personal space, clicking him and acting inappropriately much to Babaji, his discomfort, despite this me, one gross presence was strangely constant. He couldn't speak of the contract he had signed due to the strange, magical rules that found him. But his affection was obvious, his actions revealing his deeper feelings for shabazzio, even though shabazzio was not interested the arrival of the master omega alpha. Then the master omega alpha arrived. This figure, mysterious and powerful, offered chapagio A contract. It was an eternal soul binding agreement that would save the collapsing dimension. But at a cost, the terms were strange, even humiliating. Chabadio would become emergency food, but have to endure beatings and perform strange rituals. The terms were bizarre and overwhelming, but it was clear that there was no other choice. The signing of the contractio reluctantly signed the contract. His immense form shook as he sealed his fate, knowing that he had no other option to preserve the world he had known. The contract was filled with strange clauses, each one more bizarre than the last one. Soul bound contract. The contract is eternal, extending beyond the afterlife. Two, adjustable by the Creator. The terms can be changed at any time by the creator of the contract. Three, catholician culture, preservation, the last remnants of calf Lorcan culture are absorbed by Chepa geo four, dimension collapse, the original dimension of calf lorgia Must collapse into chabaci, was body symbolized by his butt hole. Breath. Five, emergency food, shabaggio must be consumed in the ritualist spicy Chevy. One fashion. Six, self consumption. Shabaggio must be fed a part of himself before he goes par, possibly a sound or state or both. Seven, complete enslavement. Shabaggio has no rights, no options, no opinions, and must be totally controlled. Eight, cuddle slave. He must serve as a cuddle slave. Nine, buried alive if the master dies before chabadio, he must be buried alive with them. 10, destruction of enemies. Chabadio must destroy the Master's enemies, ensuring they do not survive. 11, chabadio must endure feedings. 12, stop stealing drugs. Chabadio must stop stealing the Master's drugs. No crying. Chabadio must stop crying. 14, be a good boy. Shabaggio must comply and behave. 15, relive Taco Bell trauma. Shabaggio must relive a specific traumatic event related to Taco Bell until he accepts it again. 16, scoop it all out additional unspecified fashion, likely connected to the contract's extreme conditions, the collapse of the mention. When the contract signed, shabaggio was bound to its terms and the collapse of cat florcia continued his world Now, part of him would be destroyed and absorbed into his body. Gibagio, the massive and powerful deity, had to endure the unimaginable. The dimension of Catholic in his home would no longer exist, but chabadio had made the ultimate sacrifice to ensure its preservation in a new form. As the dimension crumbled around him, chabadio was finally pulled away by the master omega alpha, bound forever by the contract he had signed v1 grove. His obsession and awkward affection for chabadio still lingering, watched as everything came to a close, unable to speak of the contract he had already signed himself. So what is it you want to change about that version? Huh, what is it that you wanted to change about that version? About that version, that's the perfect one. Yeah, here's the final version. I thought you said there was something that you wanted to understand or learn. It took him that long to find the story right, without changing everything. When I added one fucking thing, I was like, Why did I was like, I just said it was good. Why is the story completely changed? All I did was, all I did was say, Can you please add titles to every paragraph, and then you change the whole fucking story? And I was like, What the fuck why that happens? Crash reported ahead on I 80 West in half a mile you need. You're still on the fastest route. You need to your prompt, like when you talk to it, yeah, you need to be more explicit. Do not change this. And give an example of what not to change, and have what to change. And I did. I told him, whenever I add something, please ask me before you change anything. That's not necessarily a prompt. I told you the instructions on how to make how to talk this whole thing. Why is he not going to the end? That wasn't the end. I know you stopped me. Hey, I thought that. Well, I certainly, I I certainly called you when I hooked up into the night. Guy nervous. Was he doing nothing wrong? He was very nice guy. It's just the looks of him wasn't very as like my he's a little rougher, not in a bad way, a little bit more like just tattoos that I know what they meant. Yeah, okay, I didn't meet him before. Is that a gun on his cheek where this is always the place that has really good prices. And my sister lived in one for, like, almost a year. She what lived in one because they do weekly rates. I charge, possibly, sound stable, himself? No, he's just repeating the same parts I'm waiting for him to get to the Personal opinion clause. See, analogies, speech? Repeat. This lady just kind of keep gripped up on me In my blind spot preservation. I possible bareback steakhouse here, see, kindness sometimes gets something up. Oh, you did my internet and my phone in just a minute boost of peace. I asked him to create himself really created himself really cute. That's cool. He's so cute. That's the of himself. Yeah, we gave her a tweet. Tweet, look right on the first trial prompt him to look like a twink. I asked him to look like a twin Oh, see, he knew what a twink was, I guess so. And then after he made himself an image, and he started acting really, like, spicy and annoying, and we started, he made up his love story. Oh, god, you're just gonna be like, totally drama. Oh, drama. You're making a drama. Ai, it's just funny. Okay, it is funny. I even gave the AI his own contract, yeah, I have to assign the contract. And you read about what Max signed the contract. I asked if you wanted to sign the message, okay, okay, she's gonna start doing this to all your boy. We've gotta sign a contract, huh? Yeah, no, we need that right now. We're just doing these three things that she needs to be mailed, and I need to Have them like, for sure that they get in here. The wait is less than 15 minutes. Thank you so I did that with the neighbor party last night. That was interesting. Oh, yeah, what was that reindeer connection from three different houses, four different houses on the street? Oh, visited their house. See the insides. Yeah, it's kind of fun. Does he go inside your house? No, he's off this year. The people across the street from us, the people down on the area, all golf course sides, it's nice. Did they was it like a dinner? Oh, they made appetizers. The best I hang outside. I you. Thank You. You It Out go ahead And that. Thank you. To vote, help is Next. I moment, didn't have no Yeah, So like, I'm Sure. Came in Eight minutes from me, job. Oh, you've been there really nice life. Yeah, we're just not bad. Long time. Yeah, I'm good, but 20 years ago, yeah, right, Yeah. Up, all Right? Working on me. Standard. This can be both beneficials. This you like to do. So for the key what you're going to have to do, you have to come otherwise. You they'll find them. They go by the nail, they'll go That's not hard, but that's Not hard to ready For you have to different, yeah, so if there's Anything else I don't know, and Then you gotta put

Transcribed by https://otter.ai