Okay, a lot of things affect that. There's usually not just one answer. There's usually lots of different things that kind of come into play. So I think the next best thing we can do is really get a cognitive assessment, because that seems to bother you the most before forgetting where you could use put things. You had to move back in with your mom because you're forgetful and so that seems to be behind everything is, that's the big issue, is your memory. And then all this other stuff is obviously bothersome too. But I just get the sense that memory is, is really taking a kick right now, and so memory normal, say it again, the mental I mean, that's all the I mean, I'm bipolar. I mean, is there something more than just bipolar? I mean, I don't know. I wouldn't know. Your psychiatry team would hopefully have a better understanding of that neuropathy I think he has, I don't know. So we'll have you come in and see me. We'll do a cognitive screen, and based on those results, we can do more in depth, memory testing, cognitive testing, or more brain scans to see my hope is, and this seems like an odd hope, but my hope is it's all related to your mood. Because, as you probably know by now, how you're feeling, whether it's depression, anxiety, all that has a huge role on on cognition and you're feeling and things like that. Because if you don't feel well, feel well in your heart and your soul, your body's not going to feel well. They just go hand in hand. And a lot of time, doctors will focus on the body, but they forget the most important part is how you're doing on the inside. I like that perspective. So I think it's it's a it's as you've learned for the last three years, it's not an easy road to kind of get treated for How you feeling, for your mental well being, but it's my hope is with you know, persistence, everything else will get better with it. But we'll start with the memory testing. So I'll have my office reach out to you to get that schedule, and you'll come see me in Roseville. I'm at the main hospital, okay? I mean, I live in Roseville now, perfect, all right, and then we'll go from there. But I do understand Clinton, your frustration, and kind of you're like all humans. We want one thing to explain everything. We want just a simple answer, or not simple answer, but an answer, but a lot of times it's probably more than one thing, and that's when the waters get a little muddy, but we'll do one thing at a time. Okay, any questions for me? No, thank you for being human. I mean, made some of this made a little more more sense, because, I mean, I read the things the last time and then they the only thing in the reports is the little cliff notes in the bottom. It's only thing that they say that there was anything that's possibly wrong. And those are the only things they didn't test me for. You know, well, I think at the end of the day, I'm glad you don't have Huntington's disease, because, as you probably know, that is a horrible disease. There is no cure for that. There's no treatment. It only goes one way, and it goes down, gets worse. Yeah? So that's a bullet you definitely want to dodge. I know you want an answer, but you don't want that. No, I didn't want that one. Trust me, yeah, there's three people in family die already. That one, I don't need this not that wasn't what I was seeking. I wanted to check the box that is not this thing. And then, and it was your mom's side or your dad's side, my mom, my mom, my mom's side. Okay, yeah. Again, less likely if your mom's still doing well, and she probably in her 70s, that, yeah, you probably don't have it. Yeah. All right, all right, Clinton, so my office will reach out to you to get that follow up schedule, and we'll go from there. Thank you. Yeah, you're welcome. You take care. Bye. Right? That was your video appointment, yeah. Okay, you seem like a nice doctor, huh? Seemed like a nice doctor, that seemed like a nice doctor. I didn't thought it wasn't. I didn't think it was the Huntington's that's pretty but that's what those ladies say. We met with them. They didn't think It was I so what are you going to do with this doctor? My phone, some kind of testing for brain, my brain cognitive Testing. Whatever that is. When's your appointment? Pretty soon. Huh? Did it say anything about doctor appointment? I thought you said we had 111 o'clock today. I thought I did, but now I don't see it appointment here, for sure, this wasn't only when I have it's tomorrow. I know, hello, hello. Am I speaking with Cheryl? Who's this doctor? Hello, Mom, it's the doctor. Hello, Hello, Mom, it's the doctor. Sharon, hello, no, yes, this is me. Ma'am addicts, yeah. How was your day? Sharon, so far, I department, East Bay. It was just it was crap. Orlando, Florida, yeah, it's yeah. They're fraud, okay, trying to get you to buy something. Probably answer it, no, no, they can leave A message. See if they don't leave a message, huh? I don't know. Yeah, see, it didn't even come up as a recent call they hung up. That's weird. So welcome to the Kaiser Permanente appointment and medical advice services faculty. My name is Daniel, okay so? What do you do now? That's all I have right now. That's all I have right now. No, that's all I have right now. I want to ask your AI So, yeah, what do you want to talk about? What do you want to talk about? Color master. I give me a second. I'm getting it up. You. I'm putting it up on the computer for you. What it's been putting it up on the computer? Why? Because it's you can hear it. I could hear over. Computer. You want to talk to her. 03398161, my phone number is 925-642-1198, and I think my doctor has wants me to have some type of test. So I'm my phone wasn't working before, but it is working in the house, so you can call me at any time. Thank you. All right, what else you have to do? That's it. They should I'm coughing up. It's nasty, yeah, oh my god, really bad. You. Who left their garage open right across the street, really? Yeah. How'd you know? Because when I got up to pick a pee last night, I could see the light was on in the garage. Yeah. Then when I got up this morning at eight o'clock or seven o'clock, I went and checked to see if it was still open. And it was still open. Did you go there? No, I didn't like they were still sleeping. Probably, huh, they were probably still sleeping. When did they close it? I'm presuming at some point in time. I don't know. I thought it was weird and I didn't know if it was proper for me just to go over there and shut it and walk out the side door. If it was Donna's house, I would do that, but not theirs. I don't know him that well. So you think this doctor is gonna help you with your case? I mean, how much longer is it gonna take? It's going on three years. Mommy's not going on three years, one or two years with the lawyer. I know, yeah. I mean, it's all gonna come to a head shortly. I would presume we just keep going, right? So what you're saying is that the three of us, we just leave him here. No, what does your lawyer say? I don't give you any with him here? Okay? Yeah, they don't want to give you. I have to call them today. If we leave that here, I need to call them today. You do? Yeah, no, I don't know where I was going with that. That's stupid. Remember when you check out your social security status. Have you done that? I do it every week. What? Sometimes twice. What's up? Dog, not much. Dark. I'm here to pick up Casey. Now I'm saying, Well, I'm awake. Yeah, I do know what you're saying. Step three of five, sky. P You're not I'm saying, again, I do know that same, but I appreciate you continuing to check in with me on that. Hi, out. I have just made lunch. What are you coming back? I don't know. Later. No, hey, stop, stop, listen to me. Hey, once Kenny is ready, we're out of here, and we will leave with or without you. If you're not here, we're gone. You get it? Okay? Fine. That's totally fine. Wait a second. Hold on. Come here. I like that little chat with your friend. Are you kidding me? I am not kidding you. Would you please have a seat? So Scotty. P, what exactly do you do for a living mom? For AJ, amusements, I'm rocking that monkey maze, the monkey man, oh, it's like terrifying death trap, but for little kids, hey, those are cool, tax man. Oh, for real, thank you, bro. You see the Cobra. What is this one? Was the one right there? Oh, this, that's my credo. No regrets. How about that? You have no regrets? Yeah, no, like, not even a single letter. No way. Not me. I love him. I think he's great. I think he's a real winner. Casey, if I were you, I wouldn't use protection. Have fun, Scotty, nice meeting you, man, you do use Scotty. P basically, come on, she's gonna be fine, tattooed kid on a motorcycle, no helmet. Actually, she might already be pretty. I cannot believe her. Where the hell is she? Look? Who is concerned about someone other than themselves? What? No, no, no, I just want to get back on the road. A kid was a dickhead, huh? Right, don't say it Sure. Unbelievable. Shitty taste in men from her mother. I I'm sorry, the cheap shot. Cheap shot. Okay, taking it back. I'm sure you're my friend. Jimmy is very nice. He seems like very sweet guy. Well, he's not. He left. Maxed out my credit cards, cleaned out my bank account before I jetted out of town, stole my favorite mug, which was a pretty shitty thing to do, even for me, I'm really sorry about that. Whatever please you get the day you gotta take strippers. Come on, you're a lot more than that rose and you know it? What? Rose is not even my real name. Well, then what's your real name? Sarah, with an H, yep, right there at the end. That's what it's spelled. My mother thought, what we know David's not my real name either. Really, I'm being serious. It's a good one. Well, so then your real name, Barbara. Barbara. Oh, so what do you like? Barbara? Junior, yeah, her, Barbara Junior, you got it, yeah, yeah. So my friends in high school and grade school used to call me Babs. Oh, not really, no, not at all. I mean, I was in musical theater, so I was actually Revere, very funny here. What's going on in here? That's we should ask you the same thing, young lady, huh? I mean, we've been worried sick. That's right. Why are you guys talking like that? We're here. That's who's here. We didn't know if you were dead in a ditch, huh? You couldn't have called or some of those damn text messages you're always sending out there, you know, Hey, it's me. Casey, I'm not dead in a ditch. Lol, a little picture of a fucking Willow. Hashtag. YOLO, anything? Hey, fine, whatever. Sorry. Whoa, thank you. Was that story learned a new word. Rose. I'm sorry. Oh, kidding. Oh, my god, yeah. Up, I think so. David, look what happens to you when you start running around like a crazy person. I'll hop up, honey. Here we go. What the hell's wrong? What's wrong? Here? Go. This job is deadline, and it's in four fucking hours, all right, and if you think I'm gonna lose a half a million dollar payday because of one of Kenny's boo boos, then you're out of your goddamn mind. Whoa. Wait a second. You're making half a million dollars on this deal. Roughly, I cannot believe you rose. Listen, I can explain you are making $500,000 and you are only gonna pay me 30 you're getting 30 grand. I'm getting 1000 you guys are getting paid. No, no. We want to renegotiate. No, no way, no, no way, no, no. You made your deal with me. I made my deal with Brad. Alright, we're getting out of here. See good, Casey gets it. We're not renegotiating now. Let's go. I believe we are right now, because you wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for us. You're fucking right about that. I'd be in Denver right now if it wasn't for you guys. Slowing me down. Slowing you down. That's right, yeah, slowing you down, yep, where the hell are you going? Hey, hey, I said, Where are you going? Okay, you know what you leave. You get nothing. What's your money? Okay, Casey, come back. You have to have me stay together. Come on. Why family? Mom, you want to spend Christmas together. Help me with my homework, Mom, please. This whole thing has been a total joke. Oh no, I'll tell you what the joke is. Can you want to know the joke? I'm not even gonna tell you the joke. You don't deserve that. You're the joke. I know a joke. We have to go back together. What? Okay? Go back together. Are you coming with me or not? Fine. I'll make sure to slide your check. Kenny, let's go. Kenny, come on. Let's go. Man, leave her. David, it's not right. You know what? You all deserve each other. He'll come back, right? You? Your girl got your texts out. Hey, are you alone? Yeah, think we can go someplace private and talk. I know, just aspiring now I'm saying you so, yeah, nice try. The radio, nice try. Okay, let's get there. And I knew better, too, but we were all on the road together, and it got kind of fun, you know, yeah, they started thinking of us as kind of like this, whatever. It's stupid. Fuck them, yeah? Fuck Ben yo right now. Girl, Scotty, P is gonna make you feel real good? No, I'm saying I'm sorry. I'm just gonna cry and I'm just gonna go, Okay, well, come on. Girl, you texted me, right? You know what? Scotty, hey, get your hands off of her. Come here, Casey, you put your hands on her one more time. I swear I'll rip that fucking tattoo right off of your chest. You know what I'm saying? Oh, really, bitch, Yeah, bitch, yo what? Why do you leave the girls alone? Man, what are you gonna do better? Eyebrows broke my mouth. You're aggressive, woman. Oh, you okay? I'm fine. That was awesome. You just fucking decked out. Yeah? Well, I've dealt with handy assholes like him at work. Come on, let's just get out of here. Thanks for the batter, Kenny. Welcome Kenny. If you're gonna punch somebody this way exit. I have returned. Go, fuck yourself. That's what I missed, right? The ping pong action, the rep r, k, go fuck yourself. You go fuck yourself. And then rose you say, Go fuck yourself. And Kenny's like, No, we're not getting in the RV what? Okay, okay, I know what this is about, and I get it all right. We're gonna split the $500,000 evenly betwixt the four of us, you guys get what I'm saying here. Ken, you want to be like this? That's a lot of video games, you know, all right, Casey, you can buy a house, run away from it, you know. I mean, like, whatever you get $125,000 you get $125,000 you can. I mean, I like fucking Ultra here, you know, she was a white dude at a carnival. Wait, look, what do you want? You want me to beg kiss? I think that would make me feel a lot better, sure. Well, it's a good thing. I'm wearing my begging pants. I usually only do this for four seconds. Okay, okay, I'm going, I'm going, please, please, get in here. Let me just write down here. I know that I parked it right next to an RV. You rose, 80, shit. I never get used to that language. What in the H, E, L, L, are you people doing? Here we came. This is the fireworks. There's supposed to be a me. Amazing here. Can we talk? No, why are you being so rude? No, Mom, I don't need a tea. Then these people, yeah, come on, kid, let's go. Come on. What happened last night? The campsite was wrong. Oh, boy. What? Was wrong. Oh boy. Oh, my God, she knows my daughter, Melissa, yes, it was wrong with me to Father Mrs. Miller's breast, you're right, even though I'm not gonna deny that it gave me a certain amount of pleasure. But that being said, Your father and I are struggling with some serious intimacy issues. Okay, no stop. I'm not as tight as I know it was. I look, he just falls right now. Okay, hot dog down a hallway. What? What are you talking about? Look, last night, I saw Katie making out with his sister and mother while their dad watched. What? Oh, my. It wasn't good. Uh, sorry, he's been drinking. It's impossible understanding drugs across the border. You're drug dealers. No, no, we're drug smugglers. There's a difference. You know what? You thank God you're alive. Listen, hey. No, I still got it. Don's a badass. Melissa, go find a police officer. Okay, Don Listen to me. No drug smuggling. David and the thing of the moment we share in that tent. But Don there's another guy I don't want to hear about the other men in your life. What? No, no, no. There's another guy trying to kill us who just

Transcribed by https://otter.ai