Up, yes, my Social Security is 615073561, I. Clinton Fernandez. Date of birth, August, August, 25 night, 1974 Okay, and the mailing address. This is what all got me. Everything messed up was the mailing address, 6660 6197 strawberries. Station loop, Roseville, California, nine. What is it? 95747, so, 61 this is for yourself, right? Yes, ma'am. Okay, and what is the best phone number for you? The best phone number, 279-675-8746, 8746, okay, give me one minute. Sorry. My speech is very bad. Okay, um, how can I help you today, it looks like you moved from Alameda County to Placer County. Yes. The big problem is, I'm in the middle of my treatment at Kaiser, and no one tell me that they gonna drop me. And like, I have many, many doctors. Like, I mean, the psych, my psych, my psych stuff is on a weekly basis, like daily, like, every and now Kaiser said they dropped me. I And then I talked to the county, and they told me that I had to call you for you to help get emergency reinstatement. And he said, it's maybe not that quick, as if they're thinking, but I can't go two months, two months without the what I'm in the middle of, and I can't pay the $500 to see my therapist every time like the bill says, okay, is the address that you told me that if that's the new address, yes, ma'am, okay, so because you did a county transfer, so right now you're on hold, but just give me few minutes, I can help you to request to remove the hold, and then I can also help you to enroll into the new Kaiser in your county, if you want today, I need to do as much as I can, because, like, I have many doctors, doctors tomorrow. Just give me one minute. Okay, okay, Thank you. Do. Here. How can. Okay, so I just requested to remove the Hold for you the room, the whole removal will take about three business days, and then after three business days, you will be back to strict medical so you can with any doctor that Kaiser don't that work that way In all my care, from my psych is a Kaiser. I'm under the middle, I'm in the middle of my treatment. Yeah, sure. I haven't I haven't finished my my sentence yet. I tell you to remove the hold, and then it would take three business days to remove the hold, but, but you can still with any doctor, as long as the doctor accept medical. So if you need to visit the Kaiser, you still can as long as the Kaiser accept medical. Okay, the other guy told me it's already been released, though, if you go onto the state website, no, like I said, I just requested the whole removal for you, okay, and it would take free business. I know what you're saying, man, but he told me that you would tell me something like that at the county, but it's not on hold since just my address was the changed, but Alameda County still has me on straight Medical right now. Does that make sense? Yes, you do. That's what I'm trying to say. Okay, I'm sorry. This has all been too much for me. It's I'm just sorry this is they why did I didn't. They didn't tell me anything I would had prepared the better for this. Want to be back in the hospital. Okay, hold yourself together. All right, okay, so I have to call you back in three days. Is that what I hear? No, if you want, I can enroll you into arrow. You into the new Kaiser. Okay, then let's, let's do that would be I would hang thank you for that. Okay, give me one minute. Let me try to get you with a Kaiser enrollment specialist, and then I will be right back. Either they will help you, or I will continue to help you, okay, thank you for your time and service. Thank you then good. Thank you patience. Okay, give me one minute. I will be right back. You. Hello, I'm back. Are you still here? Yes, okay, so I do have a Kaiser enrollment specialist on the line. She will continue to help you with Kaiser. Okay, so now that then, then they just, they'll help me with this enrollment now. Yes, thank you. Thank you for calling healthcare options. If you saw the option to take the solely, please stay in the light. Have a good day. Thank you. Hi, good afternoon. I am Raisa, and I'm going to proceed with your concern. Before we proceed with your concern, can you verify for me your full name one more time? Frank Clinton Fernandez, thank you, Frank. And can you tell me your date of birth? August 25 1974 Thank you. And lastly, your address on file, please. My address is one second. Address is address 6197 strawberries, station loop, Roseville. 95747, thank you. One moment, and would you like to add the phone number on your record? Frank, yes, put the phone number. Is it not going to match my old record, record, records? No, I just want to check if you have a phone number that you want to add. It's an optional so if you don't have it, I have a phone number. It's, I think it's the 415-926-0137, okay, thank you. One second, do you want my medical record number? I know one moment, I can see that you had Kaiser in Alameda County. So I can use that turn value to Kaiser and plaster county one moment, let me see if Kaiser is offered on your zip code and second, please. One moment, I've already been seeing the octaves in PLA in this area. Okay, no worries. I'm just going to process an enrollment for you, for Kaiser and pleasure, and they said it had to be expedited because I'm in the process of the I have a lot of psych stuff, and the my psychiatry, this, this, they know. They never gave me any warning that they cannot drop me. So what they can, if you want to expedite the enrollment for Kaiser, call us back in two to three business days to see if there is an effective date appearing on your record for Kaiser. If there is, we will refer you to the ombudsman office who has the ability to expedite the enrollment, but subject further approval. Yeah, they had to do this for now, I'm going to process for a certain enrollment in Kaiser, in Placer one second, and I will also process this enrollment for you, for Kaiser in Alameda, so that it will not affect with the enrollment for doing in class. I'm about to dissemble you seize her in Alameda County and enroll you to Kaiser in Placer County and second. One. It please. So Frank, I was able to process this enrollment for you for Kaiser and in Alameda County and enrolled you to Kaiser in Placer County. So this is what you're going to expect in the coming days. In seven to 10 business days, you will receive two letters. The first letter you will receive is called the disenrollment letter, confirming that you are disenrolled from Kaiser with the effective date of the disenrollment another letter will be a confirmation letter confirming that you are involved with Kaiser with effective date of the plan. Don't be confused if you are receiving two conflicting letters, because the other one is a disenrollment that you are disenrolled from Alameda Kaiser, and another letter is a confirmation letter that will confirm that you are involved with Kaiser in Placer County. Once you are involved with Kaiser, you are going to receive an ID and a welcome packet from them. And right now, while waiting for Kaiser's effective date, you are still covered under regular medical so if you have medical concerns, from today until the start date of your plan, you can go to any provider that takes the medical card, and you have the option to change plans at any time, just give us a call. What I'm saying is I'm like, have active appointments still with the Kaiser, and then are you they gonna reimburse for this time, for these because I can't afford the $500 every time to see my therapist twice a week, and then I see the psychiatrist, and then I see that I have many medical issues going on simultaneously, and then they lots of money it gets. You know, if you look at my bill there, you probably see so if you want to expedite the involvement for Kaiser, call us back in two to three business days to see if there is an effective date appearing on the system for Kaiser. And if there is, we can give you the number the of the departments that expedite the enrollment but subject further approval. Yes, the Office of I very familiar the head problem was before. So call us back first into the three business days, and we will see if there is an effective date. And if there is, then you can call ombudsman the request for the expedite. Does Kaiser manage my plan here, like they did in in the Bay Area, or is another company manage my Kaiser? It is Kaiser that we are processing your involvement with. So I'm not sure who. Okay, so this Kaiser then, yeah, yeah, it's Kaiser, not another company, unless they, unless they are in contract with another one. But it's Kaiser that you're enrolling with. So most likely it will be cancer Kaiser. Is it the same plan? Because, like, I don't pay anything because I don't make any money. I made it. I've been, haven't worked since. These are all free. These are all free or under. It's a state funded program, so basically, it's free, and I cannot see any share of cost that you have to pay something however, of course, there are services sometimes that's not covered by the plan. That's the time that you are going to pay share of costs. But other than that, should be the Kaiser should be covered once you become approved with them. Okay, so I can call Kaiser and see if they'll just let me go to my doctors. Is that double check with them? Because we just process the enrollment. You're not yet active. Enrolled with Kaiser in Placer, now just double check if they are, just inform them that you are in the process of being active with Kaiser. You just involved with medical and it's not just active. Can you still go to Kaiser facilities? You can double check them that information. Okay? Thank you for your time. I have to check back with you in three days. That's what I remember to find out. Is there something online that I don't, that I check for you, or then I can, or is it only the phone call? Much better that you call us so that we can see if there is a pending involvement already. For Kaiser, yeah, okay, thank you. Yeah, you have our you have our number, right? Yes, I do. I save it already, okay? And if you didn't, do you have any more concerns before we end the call? No, thank you. And I just don't like that. They don't tell anybody. Just like, thankfully I got my medications that so much I'm on, like, a lot of psych med man, medications like, $1,000 notify you. Nobody tell me not. They did not notify you. No notify they don't say nothing. They just give me a letter and then think saying you cancel, yeah. Oh, and it took them three months to even update my address. Otherwise it would have been done months ago, months ago. I could have had this fixed, because I moved here in April. So good thing you have your good thing, I told us, so we can pass the enrollment for you in plaster, so if you don't have any more concerns, thank you for calling out corruptions, and if you chose to take this survey, please remain On the line and have A great day. Bye. You Hey, do you have any money on your Uber because I only have $13 in my account. You know, I I don't know. I did send you 13, and you Tell me if it goes through You, I just sent you 13. I It went through I welcome back to 1762, 1762, Here I found another 10 bucks. You mark, okay, you should have enough now. I. I get it. Okay, so I'll see you in a little while. Whenever you get here. Okay, bye. I

Transcribed by https://otter.ai