Yes, I I was last week, jeez, Okay, how are you? Yeah, did they? Did you? Are you? Did you want to move past me because I got a note from my provider saying that you weren't didn't want to have me anymore. Yeah, I'm sorry that came through before we had an opportunity to talk. I did consult with my clinical manager here at two chairs, and we just decided that we think you could use a higher level of care right now, so like an intensive outpatient program. So they're going to reach out to Kaiser and see if that would be available for you. They did, but that's a really terrible way to I mean, that's one of my biggest triggers, being abandoned, like dropped, just the way that was all brought about is just kind of sad. But okay, yeah, I really apologize for that. I was told that it would take would take them a couple of days to process that, so I should do it the beginning of the week, but then it took them a lot less time. So I really do apologize. It was my first time like doing this process through two chairs. So I thought we were kind of getting so somewhere that's my okay. Did I do anything wrong? You definitely didn't do anything wrong, Clinton, I just think you have been going through a really hard time, and I don't feel like I can support you from a distance with all that's going on with you. Okay, um, and I definitely want to keep talking with you until you're started in another program. I don't want to just like, leave you, like that, um, but I do think you could use some extra support, just with all that you've been going through, yeah, okay, it's also just really hard for me because I'm not able to communicate with your other providers, right, like with Kaiser. No, I absolutely I understand that, and that was hard. I mean, it was embarrassing that it took them that long for you to get them ahold of you. Yeah, that's not your fault. But of course, it could be good if, like, you had a team that was able to, like, easily communicate with each other, and they were all in the same system, even if they're on the same system. This, this, this place is retarded. Kaiser, I mean, think about it with how they told me this, and they didn't even tell me in person. It was in a text message. Your primary provider is counseling you because they can't. I mean, I'll read it to you. It was just, just like, really. I mean, this guy can't get a break. You've really been going through it. I'm almost ready to just move back to the Bay Area, back back to the Bay Area, the Bay Area, just to get the good care that you were getting there. Don't you get at least care? I mean, I understand that. I'm not. I don't like the people there, and it's really hard for me when I don't like somebody to because I don't they rub me the wrong way. And that guy's, I don't know if I can back out of that, that the Kimberly lady. I don't know if I can handle that person ever after all this now it's just not Fair. I mean, it's just ridiculous. Yeah, I mean, here, hi, I received a message from two chairs that you have been having some increased bipolar symptoms. What the fuck is a bipolar symptom? Number one, that's a weird sorry for swearing and services right now, so I am reaching out to you to see what I can do to help you figure it out. I know you missed our appointment last week, but we did. But then I talked to her 20 minutes after that, she didn't forget to write that there was it. My had no voice, and she's like, says she's calling me out on that for not making that appointment. But I did make the appointment, I just couldn't talk. I let my message on the voicemail. Yes, I did, and I did exactly what I did. She reached out any as you know, we'll be seeing her later this week. So she called up, but she called the finally, got Ali. Was asked her in the very beginning, was to talk to Abby, and now she's willing to talk to Abby. And so she has she talked to Abby, because Abby called me yesterday and thinking there was something really, really, really wrong. Tell me sure that as treatment goes her way, and then, then it says, Then it goes on to the piece where it says that, basically, you guys just quit me, which is not bad, man. I understand your point of view, and I'm not this. If you had the the support from Kaiser, it might have been difference in different scenario, but it already got too past and like, you don't want to see me get get hurt because, like, you don't want to be part of the negligence on that concern about you the past couple of weeks. And I knew I was, I mean, I thought we figured that out, and I told you, I minute. So where are you today? Clinton, looks like you're in A car somewhere. I So have they given you any idea yet of which program they might put you in now? No, they might like this you in now, not yet. They've not said anything, and those calls just started yesterday. Okay, so just one second. Okay? Challenge. Sorry. They know I'm driving by myself, so they're being cautious. Who's that? My mom. So, all right, I'm done well. I hope that the program they find does have a good group of people, because I think that does make a big difference, like who you're going through it with, but I understand they don't do IOPS here in person. They're hybrids, from what I've heard, because I asked about that. When I first got it came to town, they told me, I've already been through it three times. They started with it partially online, yeah, okay. Gosh, it is what it is, you know, I'll get through this. Well. I still would have recommended a higher level of care. And then that would depend on, you know, if you had health insurance, then I believe the care coordination team, yeah, would have still reached out to your health insurance. Or if you want to private pay, they would help you find, like a private pay IOP. But hopefully this will just be at least a way for you to get in and see a psychiatrist and get your meds looked at, because from what you were telling me last week, it seems like it just, it's not a great regimen for you right now. The medications have never been great. They just stop the hallucinations, but it doesn't do me any good if they It's okay. I'll get through that. I'm just throwing my own little freak out, right? Yeah, no, and that's okay. This is a change. I just want to get home, yeah, yeah. This is a change, and it's certainly not the way I would have liked it. Yeah, I have been told to you either it's just par for the course, you know, but it is what it is. Are you starting to drive it's gonna be I'm okay, hundreds of 1000s of business calls upon strike. Yeah, it's just we have to still be in like that one location right, pull back over and to kill two birds with one stone, yeah, that makes sense. I don't have much more time. I did the survey already for you, so that's great. Thank you. What did you notice this week as you filled it out? Not much same. I mean, I don't think it was any much, that much different than before. Okay, so you're still feeling pretty depressed and pretty anxious, anxious. Yeah, it's just how it is. So it'll be fine. I so you're going back home today and like, what are your plans for the rest of the week? I used to presume it's figuring out what they're going to do with me medically. So, yeah, that's going to be your main focus. I mean, it's just, it's just, it's very frustrating. Yeah, I can see where you would have a lot of anger. Oh, it's not anger. I'm not angry. That's everyone's business. I mean, it's, everyone's just trying to do their job. It's, it's just corporate stuff that make these things happen. It's not any one person individually that makes it difficult to give someone mental health Kaiser doesn't score like shit because one person it scores because of a management of people that give them the tools to make things happen. And what tools? Whatever those tools are, if they're shitty tools, they're shitty tools. Would you ever consider leaving Kaiser for a different health plan? I don't know how, with my medical I'm in the middle of my social security thing, I can't just pick up and go any place where I want to go, if I go I don't have no money. I haven't worked in for three years. Yeah, so you're just feeling really stuck right now. I mean, there's no, there's no, you can't You mean there's no changing that. I mean, I guess I can change my providers, the people who are my doctors, but that's it. You can't change Kaiser. I mean, I obviously this region isn't as good as this region, because I left San Jose for that reason, because it was no good. And it sounds the richest area there is in the Bay Area. You know you live out here. I mean, that's freaking twice as expensive as San Francisco. Now you've just been going through this for years and years. No, it's just since I've gotten sick, no one chooses when they're gonna get sick. I just happen to get sick right at the end of a fucking pandemic, and then everything goes okay, haywire with everything. But then again, mental health has never been a big deal for Kaiser. I mean, it's not that. I mean, it's just like, most people, it's not a big deal. Most people don't understand mental health. I mean, what is it? Up until, like, a year or two years ago, they started talking about it on the television because I Kanye West, come on. He's not the only guy that was bipolar in their lifetime. I it, yeah, I feel like they've only started talking about it recently, like when the therapist striked, yeah, that was a good one. And it seems like their main solution is just Yeah, to try to partner with other programs like two chairs me, I they were probably thinking I was going to be a big band aid, and like they told me this morning, that I was illegally getting two chairs because I got a double provider's handoff and this and this and this and that and I says, What are you talking about? You guys came up with this plan, not me. I didn't ask for two shares. I didn't ask for this, and I didn't and apparently you're my primary for mental health. Interesting, yeah, I mean, I was kind of wondering about that too, like, how you managed to have, like, two therapists, because most insurances aren't going to want to. She was only passing me off. You don't get passed off. No, I mean like myself and you're like Kimberly here, whatever her name is. But that was only once every three weeks. She's only, she was only my thorough, she was only my thorough way to get into the like a psychiatrist, and then whatever you have to have those two kind of work hand in hand somehow with those way these things work at Kaiser, Yeah, yeah, extremely frustrating. It's not what you deserve. That's what I get. Okay, like I said, I would like to just plan on taking it week by week with you. I'll be back next week, once I get past this initial or whatever this is they're doing to me. Yeah, it's okay. I mean, it's even okay if you feel angry with me, there's no reason for me to be angry you've done anything wrong, but help me. That's why I was so shocked, shocked, shocked when it was told to me, Abby didn't tell me that. I told Abby that me and you were having a hard time getting a hold of her. and then finally, I said, Oh, maybe the phone number in my cell phone might work. And that's when you finally got through, I think, yeah, I was able to leave her voicemail. Yeah, she left me a voicemail, I think, a week later, but didn't have information for the like current providers, yeah, so it's just messy. It's very messy. They put me out into the farm to shrivel, but that's you don't have to answer that. One. So what can you do to just take care of yourself? I think I am taking care of myself. I'm making these phone calls. I called you and I talked to all these people at Kaiser this morning and talked to Abby. It is what it is. I'll go back to doing whatever I yeah, I mean, just like to relax after all this frustration. Well, they can relax when they give me a regiment that and I get a program that that's consistent. I I don't do well with change. I never have. I've always been the boss, so I wouldn't have to have changed, surprisingly, so you could be in control, just no no change. If I don't have change, I don't freak out. It's the it's that element of unknown that I don't do well with. Kind of scary. You always want to be in charge so that you could prevent the unexpected from happening. Yes, the easiest way, at least have, at least have a warning sign that something was gonna go haywire. I lose you. Hello. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai