I was having a bad day. I just kind of like Savior paranoia is getting to me really bad today have you been taking your meds? I'm on them. I didn't I didn't this morning. I just noticed that but I've been on my meds but things the paranoia has been like getting into the best of me the last couple days, but I also did a deep dive really deep talk with that new therapist yesterday too. So I might have like, sparked sparked some things or something. Yeah. And was emotional and a lot of stuff. Cuz I kind of gave her like the high level brief synopsis of what I've kind of been going through and what my like childhood stuff was and like, just a lot all at once like me and you did that over weeks. How long did you meet with her? an hour but it was just like truly high level like just the cliff note version. And I had finally told her I need you to stop. Then they stopped because I was just she wasn't like pressuring me or anything. She's good. I like her. And she has like specialties and trauma. Well we eat so maybe some of that will be good for me. No but I just swear that the people are following me today. Like when I went to get to go to the market this morning and then I went out earlier in the morning I was screwing around, not good but the good. Not anything bad. Just kind of hook up. thing. It's on Grindr. And then that didn't work out. Nothing happened. So then all of a sudden it felt like everyone's like following me and like watching me and like doing these like just super apparently. So I sat in the parking lot because I got terrified to go anywhere because I was going after me there's no reason for anyone to go after me. There's not I'm not that special. I'm not that interesting. I mean, I wish I was I mean So how long did you stay at the parking lot? About two hours until you felt like it was safe to leave. Then I just like a really crazy way home backwards, kind of just so no one will follow me. And I told Mom about it when I first came in the house. That it was how it was off. And something not It's not like I don't think I'm having a break. or anything. I just feel I'm just off. I didn't sleep good last night at all largely. Whenever I don't sleep and take the nighttime meds. It kind of screws me a little bit. It makes me really groggy and I think even then it's the Seroquel can be messing with me because I didn't get any sleep you have any water there that you can take your pills before you forgot? Yeah, I'm good. Right back on back on the grammar. There they're done have you been getting often or is it just today? No, it's just today. My name is I didn't sleep last night. I had like weird like, night Daydream dreams or night dreams or dreams before I go to bed. I get these like weird like things lately where I'm sitting on the chair in the living room and it's like the chair is like pulling me back in like just just fluttering me with low these visions of everything I've ever done bad or wrong. Then the good but fast, fast, even faster forward. It's like pushes me forward. And then zooms in. He's like a roller coaster. This is why you're awake when I'm awake. But it's kind of like sleeping to his mom says I'm sleeping. I'm not sleeping but she says I'm sleeping. So I kind of have to live on the leg. Maybe I'm falling asleep out in the living room early. Before I go to my room and then when I go to my room. By myself, I mean left to my own devices to a certain extent. And my room is clean now so it's like not although I realize many things that occupy myself with time was except for cleaning, cleaning, cleaning more cleaning I've been writing my book a little but that also brings up emotions because it's about bipolar me my struggles with distinguished what's real and not real. I don't know is it not good to write about this? About like, is it good to write about yourself? Because it's okay, because you're expressing your emotions and your feelings. Yeah. Sometimes I think maybe it's like me giving too much on myself to myself. Like starting to get even more honest with myself. I feel like this I know. I've always I know I have a farm but I'm tracing it back even farther. Okay, this fifth honey the other day. The reason why I was Miss Harry so much is because Harry was all structure was a cop. Everything was to the dotted line is like very narrow, narrow. There is no room for like, messing up. He didn't give you that opportunity. So that's why I loved life. When I was with him. It was very structured and when I was a google it was like that too. Super, super structured. I didn't have any wiggle room. Everything was just the way it is and like you just follow the rules. And I don't have rules here yet. I'm still working on those Yeah. So I'm still establishing the like a kid in a candy store or a chef with the new pans and a big fire in a big stove. And so just keep putting myself into the fire to see where navigate myself. See if I'm gonna like burn myself. Like, I'm like, What can I do? What's different here than what was like at home and Livermore? Or maybe I'm trying to like ruin myself to a certain extent that I don't do anything bad anymore that I'll just get all that stuff out of my system. Become this nice old man. That's 50 that's 50 years young, old man. I mean, I say this Yamo so maybe having some structure now. Right? I think before there was still I think we were learn more about more like there was a need for you to do things like there was a need, like, oh, maybe I can go to the backyard and fix it up. Or maybe I can do this. I can fix this right now. Like there's really nothing there to fix. In a sentence, right? Yeah. It's too hot to go outside and work in the yard. Right. It's a different environment. And there's no more things to prune. I pruned every rosebush there is well, figuring out like a new activity for you new hobby, right. And that's what we've been trying to get you to do. Yeah, I need to start painting again. I need to doing something to get like some kind of project that will occupy my time for hours. That's what it boils down to. Do you have your materials I have everything? Yeah. I just I just was trying to get all the projects done in the house. Before I start more projects we're still working progress. Like I got my like, my mom like my drawers the other day, and they weren't they weren't good. I know they weren't. They were just having remnants of old Clinton were creeping up and like just the crap that's just because I collect so much junk and all this like stash it more junk and like, almost like a clean clip. I'm a clean hoarder. I don't want to see it, but it's like they're all this like junk like a junk drawer. I'm a king of junk drawers. I had three of them started. They can have three junk drawers. You can have like a quarter of a junk drawer like one door can be like a quarter. It's like acceptable for like junk. I had three full blown for full blown drawers that were just garbage not garbage but cords and this and that and Alexa pieces and like just stupid things that I buy to try to fix things that are not broken yet even when you are home is the paranoia better. I find it is better but I know that every time I hear the cameras go off I go and I check it to make sure that it wasn't someone I recognized for from out in the world like coming by the house. Because that's a fear of mine is I want to like bring these people back to my mom and that would be terrifying. If it was true if there really was some weird Association de la Clinton that wanted to they just see what he does. Kind of like that movie. The squad game squat. What is it the game? Yeah, that's what my feel like. I'm like on EPS. I'm on this like episode. And they're just there. It's like that meets The Stepford Wives like they're watching me become a Stepford wife they're all the cool people and so, this feeling like just started recently. Like, this has been the last couple of days. Um, spin again for a little bit. It's just it's just, it's kind of bubbling at this moment. Probably. I mean, just because I'm relying upon myself knowing that I didn't sleep good last night. I talked a lot of stuff. About the things about other things with the new shock therapy. I. Yeah, it's just I've been talking a lot and I've been writing a little bit and I've been, so this things are just kind of like I'm just you know, I'm not letting mom know. I read everything about it because I didn't want to scare her up too. But she knows now, but it wasn't letting her know that she she. I didn't want her to like tell me again every day that this is real, that this is real, like this. I was afraid I was getting there again. But now she knows I told them when they came back. Yeah, yeah, she's the person that can factor in that. Which is what we want to do. Right? Make sure that hey, this person is someone you trust and she can tell you know, that's not really that's yeah. And I filmed it all today. And then I went back and looked at the film and it's like, some of it what I filmed just yeah, there's a car a couple of cup freakin license plates. But how does my camera turn around every single time I use it and film me filming that? Like, it was so stupid. I was filming all these people that were like following me but the camera was turned around it was just me filming it if it was a book or a screenplay, that's the joke is on me really made a doozy on that one. Or it's my brain just being fun. Well, you're not getting sleep right? Contributing to how you're feeling true. So can you yourself some rest today and for the next couple of days it's going to help with that. Yeah, I can. I got gotten my bathroom redone again. And I'm like, Hey, I wanted to take want to take a nice bath. I haven't done that in a while. I don't have a super soaker tub anymore but it's a bath. So I'm no longer like hairless or like I used to be so I can't spend 27 hours manicure in my body. So I even know that I'm gonna get I'm gonna get manicure pedicures anymore. Kind of live in this boiler. That's like the old version of a little bit of my old version of me at one point is it because you don't want? No it's just because I'm feeling that kind of more rugged down a guy right now not refined Clinton. I like both I just just just this a different side of my brain I guess Thank you. Well, you're sharing is what I'm noticing is a couple of things. Right? Like you shared a lot yesterday. Very, you know, very vulnerable. Maybe there's some triggers there and the combination of like not sleeping still adjusting to a new place. You know, really kind of hit that places like the paranoid paranoia and forgetting a medication right so like combination of all those three of those things is hard. And so being mindful of like, hey, when I'm meeting with my therapist, you know later know like Hey, I experienced paranoia after like you and I talk. You know, I want to take it easy. Like sometimes like I don't realize it I mean you did or you did not that you're like sharing a lot. And it's like it feels good in the moment but like, maybe you really pacing yourself and letting her know like hey, I'm gonna pace you as well. Like, okay, let's let's kind of split it in half whether, you know, we're focusing on maybe some kind of history, but then we're also doing like some coping skills or something. And then we also had our appointment. Was it seven o'clock at night? Oh, she had I think that was another issue for me, too. It was probably too late for my brain to digest what we talked about. Yeah, possibly. And then that's why it went from eight o'clock when we were done and then I ate dinner and like mom's just chatted. I didn't start to go to bed till like 11 or 12 and it takes me a couple of hours to get ready to go to bed. Yeah, yeah, so turning off your brain is gonna be a while. I didn't think of that being so late. That's why I was up till three. And then I was like four and it was like why do I go to bed now I might as well just go ahead and screw around. Did you go out? I went out but anything you do anything. There's nothing to do I didn't It's not like I didn't try. Actual stuff. Not anything more. Than just Grindr snip these to anyone. Like popped up a couple of times. But nothing that was like I don't know I don't really hook up to like ever talk to the person again. But it's more find it like that aspect of it that because I don't have to have a boyfriend and I don't have to like deal with all the other things that never scare me even more. If I start to have to become friends with somebody. How do I even explain all this stuff to anyone? Like that's you're trying to like date? I mean, I can pull off being not crazy for a minute but you be around me long enough you'll I'm I'm I'm a lot to digest well when you do find someone you can write and you don't have to express that to everyone and find someone that you are, you know that you can spend some time with and that you want to build a relationship and then you can explain to do it now. Yeah, no, no, no, that's what I said. I don't like I like this piece about it because it's much easier. Not as intense. Yeah. I don't have anyone to say that. It's someone else that's doing it. To me. You know. That's another big difference between here and Livermore. I don't have my sister tormenting me. Or maybe she never was. I don't have Andrew tormenting me. Maybe he never was. But I don't have I don't have any enemies. I don't have any enemies. have any friends. You're so my brains up to its own devices. Well, you You did share with me though, that some of the things your sister was doing were true. Because your mom was able to kind of validate that for you right like factor. As far as like, you know, your ex partner mean that we couldn't really unless you have like actual text messages and we can write but some but not much. And so Are any of the activities that are in the facility like seem like something you want to do? Yes, the art was but I told my mom I wanted to go with she's trying to make some time to be able to. I don't want to go to the first one by myself. I need to have her go with me or noodles. Someone I don't want to just do it by myself. And then they this guy guys meeting that's on every Friday. And I don't even know how to do that. I mean, I've never hung out with guys. Especially men all amendment or me like 10 years old. 15 years older than me. Yeah. Was there a different group that you can go to? This is just a guys meeting. That's my next door neighbor has the whole block meets all the guys meet every Friday and talk and the good ladies meet every month at the club. And so thing Yeah. But I can take befriending like Donna, the lady next door is really nice. She's in her late 80s or 90s. But she's fun. She's just very gossipy lady. She knows everything about the area and the people and she's we've become friends and I've been making like when I make dinner for Mom I made sure that I'm getting her next door little so that way they can just have because they don't eat much food. Like they can eat or almost our our leftovers for this becomes their meal so that's when I liked doing that. The other guy down the street said he they Donna said that they need a dog sitter to like watch their dog when they go away. And then I ran into him when I was getting the mailbox yesterday. He asked me about a message Yeah, we do it and then he says well, how much do you want to make money wise? And he says, Oh no, I don't want to do it for the money. I do it for the dogs. Just whatever just You mean whatever you feel like maybe I'll get like that. Something to do. That way. And I thought about it and if we if I gotta see be able to do even if it is hot outside. I gotta walk dogs. Since I can't have a dog right now. Maybe being able to walk dogs might be therapeutic for my brain. Yeah, that would be good. And it keeps me meeting new people kind of maybe like without having a meet people in a social atmosphere. Different kind of setting. Yeah yeah, definitely do that. So I was excited just to hear that. And I thought about the thing about non charging right off the top of my head because I was so scared to death on somebody. Someone's going to say they paid me and I'm gonna lose everything that I worked for. For Social Security. She can't make any money or you can make money I guess. But then they take it all away. Then they take it all away if you make too much or something. I'm not allowed to have a job. I know that they're they don't let you go get a job. Cut off amount you have to be making. Oh no, they say they can't like my lawyer says I can't work period. I can't show income. She said because it'll lower my chances too much. But it's not like a job. Maybe it's not really a job. It's just to occupy my time during this time that they're trying to figure out like doing a favor for a neighbor. Yeah, yeah, we say that. It's also it's not really a job. It's not like a W two form and all that stuff. It's just yeah, I'm overthinking. Sorry. You're being cautious because you don't want to lose either of this. Yeah. So my mom paid my overpayment for me. So that was kind of cool, because they overpaid me a long time ago, the first time I was on Social Security. By $1,700. They overpay and so my mom paid the $1,700 And so now I have a clear record with Social Security like no. So that was good. Then, Dr. Greenwood last time, we had a great conversation that at the end of our meeting, the computers always Xers and I lost her and she you know didn't get to say goodbye. But she was gonna she had to stay still the center another email, because she said she was gonna do that letter that me and you were talking about and I resend it to her again. And then she said, Oh, she did it. She thought and then she said oh, she would do it again. So she said she'll method message so that you don't forget after you and I are done. Have you done it because maybe she already did it and just didn't tell me because I looked at my letters, but I don't know if that's something she has to do and just mail it to that my lawyer or all it has to go through Romy I'm usually unless like you gave her an actual form or design then yeah, I gave her a form from what I sent it through email. Okay, maybe then I was thinking maybe I should make the request to Rami and then I'll go through her that way. Also. You can I don't like doing that message Yeah. Please, she's pretty cool. I'm gonna miss both of you guys so much. You don't have the same device yet. We can still meet making sure that you stay, you know, kind of this therapist kind of works out and you're connected with a psychiatrist. Do you have a psychiatrist scheduled? Yeah, that's coming up. You do okay. But that was the one thing that scared me about that. Because the thick the version of you the therapist here. She says, oh yeah, this doctor is great. His extra doctor that does well, because he only meet you once and that he has his pharmacologist deal with you is a great farmer. And he's he said What do you mean? Oh, they he has a very large workload. So he only sees you like every other time. But you already only see me once every six weeks. I just kind of blow it off. I didn't let it get me too upset. This is a really different program. A very different experience. Yeah, I mean, maybe it's just has to be that way because there are so many more people here or there's more mental illness here and then they just can't spread it. Which I highly doubt I can't find you that's what I'm looking for you Well, let's catch up one more point. Well, let's get you an appointment and then we can kind of gauge it and then see how you're doing okay so let's see what's today. Can we do in two weeks on the 25th? Yes. Alright, so I have a 10 or 1110 o'clock so you're meeting with the psychiatrists and When are you meeting again with the therapist? Oh, the lady. Okay, one second. I'm pulling up my thing right now signing really something Alexa dialed with this calendar invites stuff now she's like super helps me she's the most annoying via upcoming appointments. So I have the six teens is my bipolar group. And then I have Kimberly on the 24th. And then you on the 25th. Kimberly is a therapist. Yeah. Okay, so you're meeting with her? Maybe no, she's every three weeks. So maybe if you wanted to push us a week, if that's possible, Abby, that way we're not like you don't want to get Kaiser to say what a model lift is monopolizing resources because then I have So Kimberly Spencer is looks like I have for August 14 to that. So I have heard that she booked three appointments at a time. So I already took one so he is the 24th and then the 14th. So I don't think I'll just use you on the 25th I don't want to I need to I don't want to Yes 25th Perfect. Or do you want to do it like the weeks that you don't meet a week that you don't meet with her then we can try to do that? Yeah, that would be the best. Okay, so let's see. Maybe we can do the following week. So it'd be like August 1, okay. See you I'm terrified of my birthday and I've never ever usually like my birthday. Why because surely, no, I don't care about 50 I've been 50 for about a year and a half now. You're not I know what I like when people tell you you look really good for your age so August it was gonna be August. Okay. So we can do Monday at 130 or August 1 At nine or 10. Let's see August 1 At nine or 10 Because then I might get you one more time before my birthday. If you feel that way. Yeah. All right. I guess 10 Perfect. I mean 10 All right. So show you kind of knew that one of my old pieces of art I got you make that Yeah. That's really pretty. Yeah, I had this one resistance frame to know that's one of the bad do littles that have been looking. That's one of the big ones. Wow, that's a Sentinel. There's a there's an Indian in the city look at it, and there's an Indian at the top. But if you go back it's there's a horse right? Yeah. It's all kinds of animals. And look, I bring them yeah. That's the one your friend helped you know, these are still fake frames like like they're not like what I wanted to do it with because what I when I priced it out, they were like $800 $900 a picture just to frame them. So my mother said no. Oh no. They actually were 1500 800 is a cheap one. Because I wanted you to do a museum mounted in the museum glass, because they're really they're kind of expensive. lithographs. They're originals. This one here is one of 500. This is 27 of 504. Yeah, I mean, it's just the lower number and bevels became mass produced. Having signed in low numbers is like, odd. So yeah, but I don't think museum glass is gonna affect me for a couple years a year or two. Just Just keep it give the blind shattering hell because it's so hot. Yeah, do you have air conditioner don't you? Oh, yeah. Just outside you go. Do you stand near? Yes, Mama. I'm on the syllabus with Abby. I'm still okay. We're getting off though. Okay. All right. All right. Sorry. She wanted me to look at her outfit. Okay. All right. Thank you. Yeah, of course. So I will see you in a couple of weeks. Please stay on top of your medication. You know, keep track of it. I think that's going to be really helpful. Yeah, so they turned to get some rest program Alexa did. Thank you. Bye bye bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai