It's just not fair to it. You know, it's not fair to anyone that it's usually involved in my life in that way, and it's just it's hard and not knowing, knowing when it happens, and not knowing when it's going to happen, it's not like, it's consistent, like I can say on every February I get this, yeah, yeah. How have you been doing with taking your meds? Because oftentimes that can help to really balance brain chemistry. I've been good in my meds because the meds, I'm afraid of the hallucinations, so I don't want to leave. I don't ever leave the meds. And that's why I was told the last person I talked to a pharmacist like one of the special pharmacists, Okay, a couple weeks ago, and they wanted to check me and make sure I was on good track after my thing and okay, because when I'm manic, I don't know what I'm doing. I don't get I don't get I don't not here Well, and that's very common, because part of what mania is about is your brain chemistry is off, which means that your cognitive functioning is off. So it's hard sometimes to know what's real and what's not. It's hard sometimes to realize that you're being impacted to the extent that you are. So that's really common with folks with bipolar. Yeah, then I kind of like I had, like, in my brain, I felt that the mental health was different here than it was where it was coming from. So I was putting mental blocks into it somehow. And like it was just like, it was like, it was like, I felt slighted. And then when I got that information, then I got this, that information that you kind of sent me a little early about the two shoe chairs, she hadn't told me that yet, and so kind of, and I've like, major trigger for me is abandonment. And major, major, managers into that, that just turned me into a ulu case well and and part of what happened was I was, I was, I'll be honest, I was really surprised, because you and I had talked, and you had said you were seeing somebody from two chairs, and it was really helpful. And I was happy to hear that. And I think she didn't know how to deal with me being manic, right? And then I quickly got a call, and they said, you know, that there was a lot of symptoms showing up, and they didn't feel like it was an appropriate um referral to be seen outside. And so I'm, you know, I'm, I'm happy to work with you. I just felt bad about how all of it went down, because the last time you and I had interacted, you seem like you were doing well, and it was a really good relationship. So I can imagine that must have been, yeah, you know, there's nothing I can do once they make that opinion. And it's just like, and I really valued that the necessity of that was like feeling that void of me, of my my knowing to help me catch what this stuff happens that weeklies check in is that this is the place where it got, where it was being found. Not, yeah, not not, not in like, if I let it go three weeks, it could be devastating for myself. Well, one question I have, I know in the past, they had enrolled you in we have a bipolar support group that meets each week. And I know that that anytime there's somebody who shows up using a phone or a device that they can't identify, because we are so concerned about patient confidentiality, especially because that's more of a support group so there is more patient sharing. Is that something that you would want to try to rejoin again. I can try. I mean, I sometimes say hard, because for me that as long as I like the ones like you said that are strictly bipolar, more so like IOPS, some to me, are hit and miss. I've been through four of them already, five of them, and it's good. I mean, they're great, but, I mean, there's only that that's, yeah, it's only so much IOP you can do. My problem with IOP is not it's the other people that are not bipolar in IOP that have been subjected to things that are very triggering for most people that are not in bipolar, understanding that everything I do is super trigger, just for most people, very annoying. Well, so here's what I'm thinking, I'll go ahead and sign you up for that. Again, the facilitator is named David Lewin, and so what I would say is, the first time that you check in, make sure when you you know how we get a chance to choose the screen name that we use. Make sure that you put your first name and your last name there so that they can identify you. Because I think I got a message routed to me that the person thought maybe it was you, but they had asked to see if they could confirm it with you and and I think it may be because you have two names in your chart, so that might have created some confusion, and they had aired again on the side of patient confidentiality. So just check in with the facilitator. I let that person know that you do have two different names, one that appears in your chart and a preferred name, and so they'll be on the lookout for it, and they're all my real legal name. There's no faint names or extra names. Clinton, no. But I mean, yes, I understand. Ellen is my middle name, Kimberly is my first name. Kaiser puts everything under Kimberly, even though I don't even use that name. So I I understand that usually drop that Frank and just do F Clinton. So I'll, so I'll go ahead when I do the referral, though, and let them know. Hey, you know, just double check this person will be attending. And you know there may be, there may be more than one name that they go by, so just make sure that you're double checking. And if you run into any trouble, just let me know I'm happy to act as a liaison. Okay? And I need to get roped up with the psychiatrist. Okay, I know I missed the appointment, and I know that's in the that was right when I missed my appointment with you. Was right when I found out that same day that I was in manic, I think because I called the doctors and i Let's talk to and they got me because I had a scare with them some other like, because I, when I figured it out, it was because it's I, yeah, it was just not good. It was not a good time there when I so I got to get some young doxycycline and all this other thing. And then it was just very, very and I didn't know who to, who to reach out to at that point. Yeah, and I'm, I'm looking to see who your appointment was with. It looks like it was with Thomas Rodriguez. And unfortunately, because you're not established with them, I don't know if that's who you would be seeing moving forward. So what I would say is, I'm going to give you, and I can, I can email it to you so you have it. I'm going to give you the main number, okay, and you'll have to call them, and unfortunately, go back through that assessment process again. But what I would say is, let them know, Hey, I had a scheduled appointment to the doctor. I don't that's why I'm saying. I don't know if you'll be reassigned to the same I don't know, but it shows up. It'll show up on my Kp is the doctors, not unless you've met them, because I go through this when, when patients are scheduled with me, and they don't keep their initial appointment, they don't get rescheduled with me, they go to another provider because they there's no relationship established there yet, and it may be the same thing that you okay. So if I knew the provider, unfortunately, that one, I don't know, I would try to backdoor and work with their schedule coordinator, but I don't know who their person is. So that's why I'm thinking calling the main number. And what I would say is, let them know, Hey, I had a new patient appointment, and I'll put the doctor info in my message to you so you have it and let them know I had this. I missed it. I need to reschedule. And they may be able to reschedule you with the same provider. They may need to schedule you with a different provider. I It depends on their caseload. Is there mental health in Lincoln? Um, no, most of our mental health is out of the Roseville, East Roseville, Parkway office, yeah, I just found the Lincoln was easier for me to get to where I live. Yeah, it is a, it is a nice office, um, what I would say, though, is, you could see somebody virtually. Is that makes it easier? Okay, no, I just made for a lot of things. It seems like this much easier space for me. I've noticed, like it's just so much closer. Like, I don't know why the Roseville one so far away. I mean, well, yeah, I think it's just how Roseville is laid out. Sometimes there isn't a direct, easy way to get there, whereas the Lincoln is pretty much right off the freeway, so it's easy. Well, maybe that's what it is. I don't really drive all that much, so yeah, so it sounds like being able to have a group that you can kind of check in with weekly is going to be an important part of kind of monitoring and managing how things are going for you. How are you doing in in kind of daily functioning, what's what's going well, what's not going on? My fun daily stuff, fine, I get like, it's same problems I haven't really have, don't have have established routine yet, and that's okay. I have to have routine, and I have to be consistent in every smash of the way, like, from, okay, whatever it is, even like things like meetings, like, like, if it's every week, it's on this date at this time, and do this, that, and like, and even getting myself to bed at a certain time. And like, trying to get to bed at seven o'clock, so I get eight o'clock, nine o'clock, I'm like going, just laying down. I'm Jen within my shower. And because that takes hour half, and then our hour and a half there, and then half an hour 45 minutes, burn down after shower because I'm awake. It's a shower. And then then wake up in the morning. I've been okay with waking up in the morning. I wake up 637, seven, but lately I've been sleeping too much, and I'll sleep till like 1010, but why do you think you're sleeping more? Because I don't sleep at night, because I don't get any sleep sometimes, and then that's best if I get some sleep. It's fine just to sleep in. I think at least it's I can't see the purpose of me doing no sleep just because of keeping scheduled for night time. Yeah, I agree. I used to not do that. I used to just get up because I was very like, punned, like strict on myself with the day that schedule of her wake up because that's a morning. Time isn't my time. That's the only time of day that I'm, like, a good, really good time. It's very clean, like my brain, and very fresh. It's not hurts and dragging, yeah, so if I sleep till 10, it's like half my day over. Yeah. Okay. So one of the things is, as soon as you do get connected with somebody in psychiatry up here, I wanted to share with them some of these pieces, because it may be that they need to modify some of the medications that you're taking, or even when you're taking them. So it may be the same medication, but a different dose or a different time, because one of the things about mania is sleep is often the first sign that something's off, and so for folks with bipolar, that can be a really important thing to kind of watch. How much sleep Am I getting? Am I waking up and feeling rested, or am I just feeling like I've been in bed for a bunch of hours? I'm familiar. I mean, I uh, the meds. I mean, I they change medicines every once in a while. They haven't lost year, they put me on a lot more sleeping pills, and that's what's been helping me sleep somewhat. Okay, that's pretty heavy duty sleeping one, because that one also helps with the salucinations. Okay, that's a zero desserts. It starts with a Z. I think that's this. This one here. I I don't have my pill on my pill. It's okay. Yeah, it's okay. I can look it up after we're done. Don't worry about it. I'm happy to do that. I have my backups for my next time, my next time, I make the pills go here. This is not my everyday section that I take it out of, because they have to put them in the packets, the pills, jar, things right back to doing not one week at a time where I was getting Lazy, Lazy, like I told now I'm going back to doing one month at a time. So I don't think it's the only time I could ever mess up my medicines would be when I'm doing them weekly. And if I'm in panic, I'll know, I'll take my one pills, all my things. What I don't take I know is a lot of the other things that are not regarding mental because I know the hallucination ones. I can always like count them. And I know because, in a decade, because it's not something I would those are the ones I don't like, the hallucinations. And those can come back pretty vivid, vivid with very little medication loss, like one day or two days, and they come back strong, okay? Because I know that they have happened. So do you have auditory hallucinations? Do you hear like a noise, a buzzing sound, the buzz is always there, but the that's more tinnitus or tinnitus, I think, right? I don't know. That's what they say before. Yeah, it could be. But the auditory stuff is they talk. They talk. Okay, they're, you think of it like a blue angel and bad angel. I even have little visuals to show you what they look like. They actually have, yeah, the crazy little things. I don't like them, that I have a visual, because I keep them here near me, because I know that they're always there. And I don't, you know, I just have to think of these things, and I know that they're not real, because I got these here. These are what they are, yeah, okay, the good one and the bad one. And they sit here and they get all the shit. And this one likes to mischievous. And this is the these things are like little antiques. They're like some kind of weird Chinese, yeah, looks like balls. And then they're on magnets. But it's kind of nice that you have a visual that you can sort of, when it starts chattering, you can kind of talk back to it a little bit. I'm very careful with the talk backing because, yeah, then I'll start having conversations with them. And I'm not trying not to try not to have the conversations with these people well. And one of the things I would say is, you know, it is okay to say, when I say, talk back to them to say, Hey, you're not real. Okay, that's what I do, yeah, yeah, real. You need to be quiet because I'm living my life right now, and you don't belong here. Yeah? I just have to you, yeah, that's all. I just wanted to clarify. I don't I just that's fine for me, not talking, telling him to shut up. Yeah, yeah. Instead of engaging with them, those are like, the ones that are just kind of like the baseline, and then the hallucinations that I'm talking about are, like, the things are just straight up, not here, that are happening, that are that, like, full on, full on, like, Alton feels sometimes extra reality, like crap going on, like alternates, like this is like a whole fantastic, weird, scary life comes out In the that's the people that, yeah, yeah, they're different. It's another easy one, but those are the normal little ones. But this one, yeah, when I'm and sometimes those ones actually help me cope with the bigger ones. Because, like, I yeah, I don't even know how to describe them, really. I can usually draw them kind of, sort of, we've done our therapy, our therapy in that manner that helps. I think part of it is realizing that there are a lot of parts of all of us, and some parts are helpful. Like you're saying, even though you know the good angel, bad Angel, sometimes they'll help you to cope with these really hard hallucinations. And I want you to and you know, sometimes it's about being able to talk to those parts when they show up and say, Hey, you don't belong here. You need to stop you need to go away and and being able to realize that they're popping up often because they're stressors. A lot of times, when we see an increase in particular, like visual hallucinations, that can be because there's a lot of stress going on. Who's somebody that's helpful in your world, that when that is happening, you can go to and they can, they can help to reassure you that, okay, that's not real. I have a couple of jewels, like my mom and my friend Julie, but do you know the it's just, it's they're not most people aren't around, like family members. When I'm turned into this person that I'm not. It's like, and I'm Doctor Jekyll and mistried. It's like, daytime, I'm like, this normal person, apparently. And then at night time I turn into this other guy. Do you feel it when you're changing? Or do you feel it afterward? I know there's an afterwards. There's something wrong, I'll feel something wrong, or like wearing the wrong pair of shoes, yeah, and it'll be or I'll notice the money spending in the wrong space, very in trouble. I get very strict. They're very strict. I don't have control of anything. And so there's very little of my own money that I have, like, control of. And if I notice that that little bit of money is changing, there it's no I know something happened, because there's not like in like normal people, where you can have a couple 103, $400 disappear, and you won't even notice it. I noticed it right away, because it's like, yeah, you only get like, 800 bucks a month period, so you can feel, yeah, okay, it so it sounds like when the mania shows up, it's a sleep change, it's a personality change, and it's an impulsivity and spending change. Am I hearing that right? Yeah, the like, that's one was because I thought it was, got paranoid that my car was being tracked. Because I get tracked a lot, like, when I'm in that mindset, like, I still think I normally track on an everyday basis, but this is it's even more intense because it's in then some of the work we've done in the past therapies is like they say that it's because I some of the people I've worked for in my life, and like, the amount of security and so such and such that I've been in round and the background checks and the constant like weirdness about rich people and how they are about their safety might be some of these weird things. Why my body tells me that this is always these horror stories about safety and being followed and being observed and being watched. I'm not special, I'm not that cool of a kid, I'm not rich, I'm not anything. I never be that for that person, yeah, but if you were in that environment, I can see how that would sort of set that up for you. And then it would be easy for those hallucinations, or some of that paranoia, like these tracker things to check cars. And the $100 ones didn't work, and the $200 ones didn't work, and the 300 $400,000 ones was like all the way up to $1,000 I was paying for these things. Okay, so when you're in that place where you're buying some of those kinds of things, does anybody look over your finances with you? Yeah, but that's my my normal money, like not my money that I saved for myself, yeah, because I have to save my I save a little money for myself out of my allowance to have my own money in case I want to do something as an adult, because I am an adult, and I want to have at least money to buy my mom a gift if I wanted to buy her a gift. So I my it's very limited. We're talking about 500 to $1,000 $1,000 being the highest that it can ever be. But $500 normally, and there's not much you can do with five $500 Okay, well, and the reason I'm I'm asking is you had said a minute ago. Sometimes it's hard to tell when you're having more mania until afterward. Yeah. And so I'm just wondering if there's some checks and balances that we can put in place if I made up mistakes during the daytime. I guess that would be yes, not okay, because, like, I monitored really closely with every penny that I spend period with my mom, like, every penny. I mean, if it's $100 at the grocery store, it's where's the Why did you spend the $100 on what you spend $100 for? What was the receipt and what was in it, and did it match up what you brought home? Okay, okay, there's not, there's the, yeah, there's a whole nother that's very strict on it's very strict strategically on that. That's got to be hard, because I know that for most of your life you lived very independently, and now that's got to be really hard to lose that independence, definitely. But that's not my life right now. I need to get this thing under controls that way I can figure out how I'm going to figure out this rest of my next chapters. I know I'm not going to be able to work. They haven't let me do that with Social Security yet, but I need to know at some point in time, because if the god forbid, my mom dies, I'm like, shit luck. Yeah, I don't know what I would do. I can't support myself. Yeah, do you have any kind of a caseworker through disability that I have a lawyer and I have, I have all the things that you know, and I'm in that third, I mean, I've been denied twice or three times, and then now I'm in the third round to the one right before you talk to a judge. Okay, if you know the process, I don't know. So I'm higher up than some people, but now they're saying it takes upwards towards from this point on where I'm at, maybe another two years. Oh, wow, that's a long wait. It'll be a total of three and a half to four years since, and that's from when I started with the my attorney. That's not his resignation date for my illness, because my, my illness started when in the September of 2022, oh, okay, so it's been a while, yeah. So I mean, that's when they go back on. That's what they mean. This one is on set, because I haven't had any, I haven't had had had had any, nothing. Nothing's been consistent enough for me to say that I could even think about going to work. Yeah. I mean then, then it's like I was on Social Security one time before with my legs the first time, but I took myself off when I was ready to when I wanted to go back to work. Yeah, because I, because I needed to. But I'm a lot older now. I can't do I can't figure out a new way to do something anymore. I I'm not that. I'm not gonna McDonald's. I can't handle people. I can't handle this. I can't I break down and like, this is not it's not good. I mean, well, it sounds like at this point, you are pursuing the best option. It's just gonna take time to visually. It sounds like I look like a normal person from the outside. But no, I just wish they could see my inside brain well. And then the nice thing is, as you continue to go through the process, you eventually get to somebody who does this more frequently, who can understand some of the nuances. Because unfortunately, in the early stages of applying for disability, it's often someone sitting behind a desk who doesn't really understand a lot, which is why it's so common to get denied so often. Yeah, no, we'll see. You know, it's a hard case. You know it's not and then Kaiser is also hard because they don't do that. One thing that my lawyer is always asking me for, it's a it's not like it's not a work study report. It's like that. What is a progress report of where my mental is? Yeah, Kaiser won't do that for some reason. Yeah, they don't allow us to do those things because they don't want to. They that oftentimes, is work that you hire individually outside where somebody will come in. And I don't have no that. I don't have any case history with anybody. I have years of case history with Kaiser. I mean, so they just have to extract all my data, which they have that ability, and then then they have to go through the case in the notes. And if you read my case notes, it's, like, really interesting, because, like, even like me, and you talked about the alcohol that one time, I went through my entire medical history. You know, they never tested me for alcohol one time ever, but they call me alcoholic. They never, ever, ever, not one time in five years, because that's all I have in history. Did they ever order a mandatory alcohol test? That's but I ended up in that early onset that was my records are still flooded with all that saying you're an alcoholic, and this, this, this, and this, and then Social Security looks at that, and they go, Oh, he's an alcoholic, yeah. And it's no, I just that's why I'm always really careful about what I put in someone's chart for just that reason, because once something gets in there, even if it's not 100% accurate, it's really hard to remove. They've removed some of it, but it's still there. It's just recently something came up and they said, Oh yes, that's because you had you were this. And I said, haven't drank alcohol in three years almost. I mean, I've got wine, yes, but not drinking alcohol. I was an alcoholic. I drank. I didn't drink alcohol. I wasn't an alcoholic. I was alcoholic. I would drink alcohol to get rid of this pain, of this bipolar not. This is not, and that is so common with bipolar disorder a lot of times, because remember, it's it's an imbalance in brain chemistry. And so people will often consume substances, alcohol, cannabinoids, other drugs, because what they're trying to do is take the edge off. And people will often say, I'm not trying to drink to get drunk. I'm just trying to drink to feel normal. Because what happens is that that quiet, some of that mania and the brain chemistry, the problem is when the alcohol leash system, guess what, rises back up again. So it's you know what? What you're describing to me is really common with folks with bipolar disorder. Okay, so I guess what I'm wondering is, what would be a helpful goal for you and I to work together? Would it be trying to find a way to keep things kind of stable so you could go back in, you know, three to six months to start doing some external therapy on a weekly basis, or, I think that would be a start via start good plan and make sure I get into, I mean, I've already reached out to Dr Greenwood, my other psychiatrist, at one point, is just to double check on my medications, because I'm established with them right now, still from, like, the past, and I just want to need to get a back, like a, like a pulse, check that they were out of, out of town, out of out of office. That's why I've seen a pharmacist. So I needed to see that. And I need to, um, I needed, like you said, make a new appointment. I guess myself, I don't need a referral from my doctor. No, because it's you're transferring from out of the area, I already put a request in, which is why you got the original appointment. Yeah, okay, and so I would, I would just so the fact that you had an appointment means we already recognize that you need to be connected with services here because you've moved. So I would just call back that main number. And I'm sorry in advance, because you'll be in a phone tree from hell. We'll go in Round and round until you get a human but in the meantime, that's probably going to be the fastest way, because I see my regular doctor tomorrow, my gn, Oh, good. So you know what I would say, talk to them as well. Okay, talk to them as well. And then, in the meantime, I'll see if I can find this person's, you know, their PA, person, the person that does their bookings. I just don't recognize this doctor. I think they may be out of sack, but when I look at the name, it's not a name that I know. But So otherwise, I would jump on and try and message somebody in the back. So I was not even a doctor, I would be able to go see in person than if they're in sack. I don't know. I don't know, yeah, and so that's why I'm saying. I would start by calling them back. But is there any ways to look at the doctors and pick out to the doctor you want to see because they want that specialized in the bipolar more so, I mean, because I find that so many different I don't think you can do that in psychiatry. Unfortunately, I think you get assigned a psychiatrist. My understanding is you can, you can request a change once every three years in psychiatry, but you're not able to just pick the psychiatrist yourself. I gotcha, Yeah, unfortunately, it's, it's not as flexible as, say, a primary care and I think part of the reason it's not is because we don't have as many of them to choose from. I know it's specialized. Yeah, so here's what I'm thinking, it would probably be helpful to try to come up with what would be a good daytime routine for you. And I know you said you like it when you're able to get up early and start your day early, but maybe make a version of it where, okay, if I get it up early at 630 or 730 This is what my day looks like. But if I have a hard night and I need to sleep a little bit longer, and I wake up at 10. This is what that kind of a day would look like, but you just kind of have a generic this is what comes next in my day that can be really helpful, because it it takes away that sort of overwhelming feeling of now I have to plan what's next. You just look at your schedule and, okay, this is what I do next. Okay, this is the next piece of my day. All day long, would you be able to start to maybe work on a version or two of that for homework? Yeah. And, and then also reach out, let's get you reconnected with psychiatry, if you're talking with your primary care tomorrow. Maybe ask them to, hey, is there anything they can do? Because, again, they're on the medical side of the house to help kind of reconnect you with psychiatry. In the meantime, you and I can start to work on a plan to get things kind of stabilized, so we can help you to get back to where you're able to see somebody more frequently than you can see me. So why? Why did the two chairs? Why did I find out from you before them that I have no idea. I was taken aback, because when you and I were talking last it sounded like everything was going great, yeah, but they were 10. But the note that I received from somebody at two chairs indicated that you were having a lot of symptoms of mania, the same things you were telling me. She tried for three weeks, she said, to get a hold of somebody. Okay, but it wasn't necessarily you, but it was anybody to return a call. Yeah, yeah. So, which is kind of odd, because it would seem to me that as a contractor provider, they would have a number of how to connect with someone, but that was also part of why I reached out to Abby, because I knew that Abby had been seeing you. You had a good relationship with her, and you felt comfortable with her. And so I looped her in and said, Hey, can you reach back? Because I hadn't seen you at our last visit. And so my hope is that if you can keep seeing Abby, and you and I can do some work in therapy, and we can get you connected with somebody in psychiatry, maybe we can build a plan to kind of get things back on track again. Yeah, I would appreciate. I like that. Okay. Does this feel okay and comfortable? I'm calm. Yeah, good. I get very Yeah, just my once I think that something's wrong, then my brain goes into all kinds of weird it's what is it? Survival Mode? Yeah, because the abandonment issues are bad. That's my big it's my my solidest triggers is like, because that's what happened when I lost my job. As they left me, they left me. I got sick and they left me after I did everything, everything, everything. Okay, so then let's, let's make an agreement today that if it feels at any point like there's an abandonment piece going on, let's talk about that, okay? Because that's not something that I want to cause pain for you around. Okay? And so I want you to feel really comfortable. If that feels like any of that's going on, be able to say, hey, Ella, this doesn't feel good. Let's talk about it. Okay? All right. I agree. All right, okay, so let's set a follow up visit now, again, unfortunately, Clinton, I'm only able to see you kind of around once a month. Yes, I'm under I'm understand. I've been old enough that that's that's in my brain now, and I get it well, but that's part of why I think if you and I can have a goal where we can keep working toward getting you to a place where we can get you back to two chairs, or another provider where you can be seen more frequently. And so I'm going to also see what other resources there may be on my side, not an IOP, but other resources that we can connect to with so that you can have more contact instead of less. Yeah, if an IOP was all I like, like, a different kind of IOP where I would have just so many times, I don't think it changes, and that's why I'm saying I don't think that's the right fit, but then I'm wondering if maybe there are some other pieces. So I'm going to go back to some of my colleagues and ask them, Hey, are there some other resources for bipolar that I'm not aware of, that you'd recommend? Is the bipolar group a mini thing? Not virtual? No, it is a virtual group. Okay, that's that's, you know, virtual is nice, but, I mean, it's not human. Yeah, exactly, exactly. And that's why I want to go back and see if they have some suggestions that I'm not aware of, a little. I mean, I get someone to take me, I mean, just Sacramento. Sacramento is like not far I don't think, well, so let me see what's available, and I'll send you the message with what I find out I probably won't get anything until we usually meet in the afternoon on Wednesdays, and that's where I'll ask my counterparts about that. So our timing of our session today is good because I have that meeting later, so I'll probably send you a message tomorrow and kind of let you know if I can find anything extra. Okay, okay, but in the meantime, let's set a time to get together. I know you said that mornings tend to be a little better for you, more than not for appointments, my appointments are better in the afternoon, okay, only because my morning appoint, morning appointments. What happens is, I get something fantastic or something good, and the weather's nice outside, and I'm out doing, like, trying to do garden, my brand will get, like, move away, and then not it doesn't focus on what it needs to be. But like, after I eat my lunch, I go back to the computer, and I look at the screen and I know that that time is like my stuff, because I'm already hurt and tired, so I can do meetings and doctors and stuff. Okay, if that makes sense, morning is yes, if you want to catch me and be talkative, like I probably am more talkative to talkative right now than I usually am during the afternoon, but you are, yeah, that's the only difference. That's you get one, you get one of the other, the talkative ones that they're not talking, but okay, well, here's the first appointment that I have available. It's on Friday, the 11th, so be about three weeks. I have a 230 in the afternoon, so that would be a video appointment. Okay, so, okay, perfect. And then, in the meantime, I'm going to do some research. You'll work on getting connected with psychiatry, you'll work on kind of building a schedule, and we'll just keep checking in. If you notice that something feels off, send me a message, hail and it just something doesn't feel right. And sometimes I have cancelations, and I can call you, and we can just check in about what's going on. Is there any new literature or books out that are out the new like, like that hit like, like, I always look at the medical review stuff and like, see if there's like, new cutting edge to book. You know, not that I'm aware of bipolar has been around for a long time, so I'm not aware of new types of treatment. Or I read that one big book that talks about all the different things, of it, signs of it. But that's not that I didn't understand it, so I stopped reading it into maybe five pages. Okay, well, and, and I'm not surprising, it's, you know, confusing, because so much of it is about brain chemistry and how the brain is functioning and how the chemistry gets off, and what that looks like in terms of impairment. So let me see what again. Let me see stories about how people recover and how what they do differently in life. How did they manage new things, because everyone says in these everything you talk to anybody, that it's stupid, like they say, oh, people that bipolar, they go back to a normal life every day and do their job just fine. And yes, a very small percentage of them probably do, or maybe it's a very large percentage of them do, and then maybe a very small percentage don't have that fucking lucky, right? And I think that's what it is, the number one thing, and that's why I started with this question early on, is realizing that bipolar is driven by brain chemistry. And so that's why I asked about, okay, how are your meds? Are they working? Are you taking them regularly? I love the fact that you do your meds once a month now, because that removes that much more possibility for error. And that's the one thing I can tell you, from working with a lot of people with bipolar, is being consistent with meds, making sure you have the right meds, and working really closely with psychiatry is going to give you more capacity. And having more capacity is how you start to kind of rebuild some of those pieces of what life looked like before. Okay, and so that's why being able to have the schedules, being able to be consistent with medication, staying connected to treatment the way, if things get a little bit off, we find it here before it gets way up here. And that's the goals we want to figure it out. Hey, does it feel quite right? I don't know what it is, but that's why I say, if something's going on, let me know, so we can trade another provider, besides two chairs that Kaiser farms out for weekly is our that the only option there no, there's a number of of providers that we contract with, okay, so and so that's that's why I'm saying. Let's make our goal to get you stable so we can see if we can get you back into weekly therapy. That sounds good. I like that idea, like that. Okay, well, I'm so glad to see you today. Yeah, I really am. You seem like you're doing well, that's the morning. Wait till this afternoon. Talk to me. That's okay. No, I'm just saying. I'm just being a, being a normal, honest person when it comes to that. Yeah, it's still nice outside. Well, good. So, go outside. Enjoy some fresh air, and then we'll connect in a couple weeks and see how you're doing okay. Thank you. Thanks so much for meeting with me. It's nice to see you, bye bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai