Hello Hi how are you? Good. How about you? Okay let's take you outside today. Yeah, I'm gonna go back inside as my neighbor came outside so there's too much sound Okay, so that's like the outside of your house there. Yeah. Greenery. Yeah, it's we just moved in here. So it's ugly yard. It's not done yet it needs to be redone. It's like, yeah, I've learned of it. We're doing things it's a needs of a lot of work that the houses are cheap here so you can have new things. That's good. Your mom like bought the house? Yeah, we bought it. She bought it. Because she sold her house in Livermore. Okay, never afford to take care of me this time. So this house is only 650,000 Wow. It's a pretty big house. I mean, it's two bedroom. Yes, that in Livermore 1200 square feet for two bands. So it's single level. Yeah. Well, how have you been doing this week? tough week, not next. If we kind of bad wave. It's tough. I'm still getting justed to this life here and meeting new people and trying to establish who's gonna be my friends and not my friends and how do I meet people? The only way I know how to meet people is to do things that are like I go back to my old ways like I don't know how to meet people. When when I'm not social. If I'm being like, an introvert, I don't meet anybody and I just kind of don't do anything. Okay, but when I'm like manic I'm this happier, funnier, more charismatic person. So I struggle with that. I think internally Yeah. Would you say right now you're feeling more like manic or more depressed. It's such a switch. It goes back and forth on me. I can. I mean, I like Microsoft macrocycle all the time. I see. Just the how I'm feeling about who's stalking me at the moment, which I still think is going on. And it's like, I'm trying not to try. It got really heavy this week. And I mean, that's some of it, too. I mean, I think I I tell you that I sat in front of this place because I thought someone was following me for like almost four hours because I just couldn't get out of the parking lot because they were like, just everyone was like watching me. That sounds terrifying. And they were like videotaping me and like looking at me and like and then I see these like it's all like things like when you guys ask me do you see hidden messages or people talk to you? Yeah, all that crazy bullshit this that's what happens to me. And it's just like what is gonna lead up? Yeah, it's like, I don't know if it's physically possible for people to be tracking me that way. Why would they even care? You question what their motivation could be to do when what what on earth could it possibly be that I did so bad? Or so weird? That like whatever that would be that even catch on like that. It's just not feasible. Or like new there people really don't know you? Oh, no, this is this thing. group of people followed me from the Bay Area. This is the like, my fan club is worldwide. Believe it or not me it's so shitty. My brain is it doesn't give me like any relief. It just makes it oh are so worldwide club. Your papers? Yeah. You're Roseville Yeah. And you can't think of any logical reason why but you just have a feeling that this happened. Because I used to do these things that I don't do them anymore because I think they were really there. They were bad. Have you ever heard of those zoom? Rooms before? No. They're really grim as they there's a lot of gays that get in these rooms and they do drugs and do sex and the rooms all on Zoom. It all started during the pandemic basically these things these little hidden taboo cultures. Scenarios still exist pretty heavily and there's like seven 800 900 people in a room at a time. Wow. Yeah. So that within everyone in there thinks that you're under a secrecy because you're you're doing something illegal, that everyone else being there because your cameras have to be on is illegal. So everyone's doing the same thing illegally at the same time illegally. So in theory, no one's supposed to like be having any one up on anyone. But there's this thing that they call call this promo or something. And it's like they tend to think that it's a kind of like making fun of people in a way like Phil's like you know, like they do on tick tock and all these like, like social media kind of things that like produce a little something about something. And this all could also be all coming from my brain to so I don't know how much of this is 90% Sure, because I've done it. I've got enough like, like things that I feel that it's real hmm so the Zoomer wanting to understand this though, like feature somebody, or they feature somebody and I think maybe I was featured and then that's what happened is because I probably did something I don't know. alunos with me and my what what creative side I find a pull off one night you know if I was you went in drag or did something very off color into my that I can see myself doing if I was in the right mindset. Being a pregnant nun out there in front of all these pupils for some reason, because that's when I decided to do one of my Halloween costumes one year. But so I had this like, I don't I don't know, I could be making my brain could be making it all up. And they can't talk about it with anybody because there's nobody he's just so you're sworn to secrecy and then things like that and like it's like you can't and then most people unless you do do those things you wouldn't know about it. It's very finite select Group. And if you tell somebody to go do it, they'll come up to it. As like you're like, it doesn't exist. And then because they vet you to be able to get into the groups and it takes weeks to be able to be invited in I see. Huh? So you feel like you did something off the wall and now you can't remember doing it. I don't really I don't I don't remember half the thing is that I don't I don't remember that when I'm on. Like my whatever. When I'm super super manic. I can go weeks without remembering things that happened in the during this periods of time. And I come up blank. Like it's like a whole nother person and takes over at that point. And it's like there's there's just the the kind of person that person doesn't give. Like, I always tried to call myself accountable for what I do. And I'm hard on myself and I know that there's like I want to Yeah, but I don't think my other version of me. Does much care though they're pretty Yeah. Wild. You feel like he's another Saturday. It's really like lawless. Their law Dr. Lawless above the mean, they don't the laws wouldn't apply because they don't I don't know. So this is the I've never told him about those. I mean, I've talked to people, one of the persons I told him that he kind of made me feel like Oh it didn't exist and but then he also worked for Google and then it's like then I started but maybe he was part of it. Maybe he was in it with like my sister when this all and it's also possible my sister started all these wheels in action because there was just a lot of drama in my family with things and I got the short end of the stick because I stayed out of it in the sense with my mom, but my mom and my sister were going through because I know for a fact that my sister sent people in I went to like it was really none of her business but like group sex orgy thing and was there with some friends and so in the middle of this like event I was at I get a phone call from my mom. And she says, Well, what are you doing? Where are you at? I told you your history. I know where you're at. And I says Mom, I'm at the hotel. I told you I was going to be at the hotel and she says you're at an orgy. Your sister told me what are you doing there? And it's like, Mom, remember you invented orgies, it's just scripts X. You're from the seven easier. That was very normal. It was just like so my sister put that went into effect like literally and I know that you were going to the orange because my boyfriend my ex boyfriend at the time was being he still is still stalks Me and does weird shit. Now I'm but now I'm here it's not quite as bad. Okay, so that'd be there was some sort of I know there's some proven starting and some proven mistress things that were going along with my sister and some like PIs that were she was having like, follow me to try to pin me down to saying that I was doing something notorious or something wrong but I really was not doing anything wrong ever it was that was proven that that was proven that I didn't end proven that I do have an actual mental situation going on. That's now she understands that piece because she thought it was all a faking, faking, faking it all and I was trying to do it to get like the Social Security money and it's just one quarry. That's so crazy. Why would I want to make an extra $150,000 a year? Right? So I'm gonna go and make my 67,000 or $80,000 a year on Social Security. Just because I want don't want to make an extra 150 That doesn't make any sense. Right? Through my whole life away my everything my life savings. Just to get on Social Security. Yeah. It's stupid. Tell me more about your sister. Is she younger than you older than you? She's my younger sister. But everyone would think she's my older sister. Okay, this is not in a bad way. It's just an ongoing thing. It she gets pissed off about that. But you know what she from the same mother and father as you before your parents split up was you know she was a baby she was a baby when they divorced. Yes. Gotcha. Okay, very um my sister's always been like jealous of my shipments in a way because I I work really hard and I've done a lot of things and I've met a lot of people and gone a lot of places and done many, many things that are not normal. And I've always been very, very time to my sister with things. And like, so maybe it's jealousy. sibling, sibling, my mom because it's sibling rivalry. There I bet it's only one sided. It's not me. I don't have any part of that. Zangief Cory everything even now even though I can't stand her at times. I would still give her everything I have. You care about her? No, I care about her. You know, number one. She's like my family. I mean, it's the only one that can I mean And just to clarify, she are only siblings. She's my only biological for blood sister. Okay, has one half brother and two more other brothers that are Step Brothers, but they're kind of disassociated from the family since my dad died. Okay, gotcha. That's partly because my mum went crazy and started dating people after I did. Didn't the family didn't approve? Nicely, okay. So your sister Her name is Cory. Cory. Yeah. Clinton according so when she started having people follow you, it was because she was like concerned about you and oh no, she wanted to prove me wrong did put me in bad light under my mom. That's why she had the call. Tell him Why would you tell your seven year old mother that your son was at an orgy? That's just like ridiculous. Yeah. And then like I that one time that I had that the drug sting problem that I just I told my mom that I had the problem. So there was no problem. Because my sister said she was like unloading this big huge problem with my mom. So she went and gave my mom the whole story about me using drugs and I and my mom had to tell her what Yeah, your brother saw me quite a while ago, and he's been getting help get you in trouble? Yeah, trying to think just to like make her cuz like, she's throwing shade on whatever like she's as wrong like me she's I mean I always find when people throw shade that pad is because they're doing something wrong. They're the ones that the hiding something or doing something with Tory is I'm open book candles or whatever you want to mess up and me and my sister both mess up and allergies badly. One only thing me and her have similar to each other is that that's the only thing otherwise her skin color is white. I'm brown. She's like was well educated like she could like she's a smart girl smart girl. But I was dyslexic and had struggled. But then she was just in G like got up and quit her job like eight years ago. She does the same job for 21 years. It hasn't worked since. And then she left my mom pay for everything during that time. And when I got sick, and I'm moved back to mom's it just was coincidence that moms started running out of money at that time too. Because my sister used it all. My mom has been like the lid. My sister has two children. So she was spending like 34 440 $500 a month to support them. So you mean it's a lot of money? No. Yeah, sorry. I'm gonna set my dog down. Kind of doggy. I'm gonna see. Oh, she's she walked away. She's a shitzu have a nice I love that. My Teddy was he was she the angel ears. Oh yeah. I can never remember that name. Datsun and Corgi. Oh, sounds so cute. So it was basically the the length of the corgis or the the dirtiness of the Corgi, how they're kind of thick. And then it had those Angel ears in the tail that whipped up really high. Puppy on there we go. Yes. I mean, it's like butterfly right? Yeah. Yeah, that was my chatty. Oh, yeah, but now I want to get a say King Charles. I think my next dog is going to be that if I get money ever again. Yeah. That would be such a nice little companion. Yeah, they're $4,500 though, but I've found some places that might be able to give like, compassionate place them helped me get one cheaper. Yeah. That's your sister that helps. So overall, it sounds like now you feel like people are stalking you and watching. Yeah, no, no, no, I don't feel like Cory stock is stalking me anymore. Because no Corey gets money again from my mom. So no one no one bitches. When everyone gets their money. You know, so that I mean, of course they're not going to no one's gonna have any problems. Mom, you're feeding that you're feeding the beast. I mean, you came her butter. You paid her rent for three years. I mean, come on you. You're not fixing anything. So this might have been like planted the seed for you. That people are watching you. Maybe it's just ongoing since the it should it was some sort of thing that metastasized into this like, crazy thing. And then I tried to put all these photographs together to like make it understand it like it's this this did this really happen Yeah. So in your family, has anyone else struggled with these problems that you know of? I believe the My aunt has issues but everyone hates things and they they don't it's not bipolar. It's this or is the they won't get help for it because they they'll deny that it was that or you know, just people people like there's just not smarter than helping like, but we also have like, like Jesse or my niece. She's a therapist like you she's like, but she knows she can't talk about see she knows it's her her mom. That's the the court the issue. No, my Jessica isn't my niece. I grew up with her a lot too. So she's not my niece. She's like cousin. Okay, we get cousins and aunts and uncles and all those things frickin misstep? Because it might we were, if they were older than you they were Auntie or uncle. Period even if they were cousin. Epic's because it's respect to like weird. Stupid, we're family things. Where was I going with it? So my aunt Julie has problems. But I didn't have like some of the things she had go on. Like she had an aneurysm and her brain popped. So she they haven't made big things that happened to but I don't have that. So I can't say we're side by side comparison. Because we're not Gotcha. Tell me just talking a little bit more broadly about this whole picture here of you and your family. What's your cultural background? I'm Spanish and Portuguese and Scottish. Okay, yeah. And so pretty. You know, typical white. I mean, like, my grandparents when they came here to America, they didn't want to learn they need to do you need to learn English? And you don't speak Spanish and you don't do this. You don't speak Portuguese. You are white and you learn how to be white. That's how they say they can't we came from Spain over to Hawaii, Hawaii to Hayward. So that's quite a journey. Yeah, whatever on the Mayflower on those boats. This is long time ago. So I mean, you were just like is my mom is a year away really want to just integrate? Yeah, there's the I didn't want to say that you're this or this. I mean, like, even like when I went to college and stuff like they don't they just don't have the we didn't ever I wasn't Hispanic I was just this and then but now I mean, identify probably more as Hispanic. Gotcha. Okay. And then on your dad's side, was he Scottish? My dad is a big my grandmother from my dad's side. So my mom's side my mom is half Spanish and half Portuguese then my dad is half Spanish and half Scottish Okay, cuz his mom my grandma is full but it's got Oh, wow. Okay, let's the Johnson side of the family. Versus the front Enders. Okay, so there was a mental illness in the Johnson side to the that they didn't they hide. So people have issues but don't talk about them. Yeah, that's also really old stuff like really like I'm talking about like 50s 60s 60s time when mental illness was even more creepy than it is. Like they didn't even know what I don't even know if they call it mental illness yet. At that point. Yeah, people didn't know what to do with this to deal with those behaviors. Yeah. Gotcha. How about religion and spirituality? If they were a bit I'm not religious. I'm like, but I believe in religion, but I don't like practice of religion. I take whatever I think I take whatever I want out of that religion. Just if I want to use that piece of religion I like little pieces of everything. Yeah. So you believe in like a higher power of a wedding or like a Jewish wedding. If I'm going to a wedding they fucking do weddings wonderfully. Want to be on a chair of danced around? Me, so I really like that. That's that's the way you know. I don't like think of the godly pieces of religion the way most people do. I probably think of the events that they did or the different things is what I would want from that religion. Yeah, like the different kind of cultural traditions from the religion. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. Tell me a little bit more about just going along with this cultural spiritual piece. Tell me more about your name. Because I see at your at your Frank Fernandez, then you prefer to go by Clinton. That's my middle name is Clinton because my name is funny because everyone in my family. My My father wanted to name me. This is way before that even came out the movie he wanted to name me forced. Evergreen Fernandez florist evergreen Fernando. Yeah. That's like a like a real macho name. Like so my mom hated it. And then, but I said if they would have made me forced, I probably would have forced I probably would have had a different life. And then so my mom might have been an AMI Thane. So she didn't get to name me thing. So she says, Well, Clinton from Barefoot in the Park, she said I'll put Frank This is my dad's name. I'll put Clinton instead of Gilbert. Thank God my other version of thing is good. For you. That's the wild Clinton. You Yes, I didn't see here. You have F Clinton, Fernandez, Thane and parentheses. Sometimes I go by. I went by saying for a while. Okay. But then I realized what thing was in Yeah, seems like you've seen a darker side. So no, no mouthing is actually a business. Like I'm not a business but like I use it as like an entity like a creative entity. It's like that's, Fein made. I kind of I try to make made it very not me. That's something else to do. I would say, though, that I can still be the creative person when I need to be like, that's that's thing. And he's I don't know if that makes sense. No one really I don't tell anyone about my struggles with the name thing. So it sounds like Dane has really like evolved over time. Yeah, things become Yeah. He became the cool kid on the block versus the the more it's been a journey but I have no reason to be proud of myself, because I did so many things. I mean, I've been in so many places and done like many amazing things. I mean, I don't know I don't know another person. I've met personally that Smith three presidents you've met three presidents. Yeah. Which ones? George Bush Senior George Bush. Clintons and Mr. Rowe. And oh, I met Actually no, I met the other one. I met Biden too. So I met five Wow. That's crazy. What was it like? Oh, it all depends. Each one was different. Like I guess since I'm in therapy, I can talk about that one with you. I did Mr. Oh, and his wife. The first time I met them was they were when I was working for the drinks. They were they had the suite above us. When we were in Vegas. And Michelle had the floors, the elevators locked down the towers and I had to go and get them opened because they because we were stuck up in the suites to Long story short, Linda wasn't very happy that she used her pool to have this tower shut down early. So I had to go work out this with the President's people. That was the first time I met them then then I met them again later when I worked with 23andme at the end here and I did a dinner up at Ann's house and he was there. It was not me it was only him and like three other people. Okay, very intimate. That's those things happen there. That's like I mean, Elon Musk there too. I mean, so I mean, I'm gonna do these these very interesting cool people in my life. I mean, like I sit down and had a conversation with them. Some of them I did, like George Bush senior. I have had many conversations to get Christmas cards. Yeah. I mean, Walter Cronkite. William Buckley. My Louis Vuitton bag came from William Buckley because it's the zipper broke on it. And he says, throw this thing away and I says this is the this is a was a was a double tote. Yeah, there's a lot. That's a significant bag. He's not just gets a new one. That seems crazy. I don't like the zipper. It broke twice on me, he said. So you give it you're throwing it away. He says I don't want it you can have it son. Slippers can be fixed. Oh yeah, I took it. I took actually the time to have them fix it for me. Nice. I have that bag from like I had that all the way through. Like that was in high school when I've met him. It's still okay. So that was like my call is like my bag for college. That was like, the only but there was no one really knew what it was. Yeah, I mean before though we fatahna was like kind of crazy. Popular. Okay. All right now like famous. Maybe it was famous, but it was only famous because you had to be really a lot of money. You knew what it cost. But it wasn't famous like every kid has a tattoo on their face that had a Louis Vuitton LV right? wasn't famous like that. Okay, gotcha. It's like, like if you think of to me for to me luggage. You don't realize that it's that's just the most anonymous rich person's luggage there is. No one would ever even fathom that those suitcases are 1000 to $2,000 apiece. Yeah, I don't even know that. I'm just learning that down. So I mean, all those anonymous weird black suitcases are all baller suitcases as if they had a little to me thing on it. Yeah, you know that that thing's made a ballistic nylon that things get a lifetime warranty on it. Okay. Planting you really have had just so many experiences. Like you did well for yourself. I did I can use I mean, like I was just terrified of everything like, like I was telling Dawn and my neighbor she's an 85 She drove me to the gallery to get this painting that my mom she got a new painting and I needed to help get it to the house it's just so sad that I worked so hard and did so many things and I'm now I'm just left not to be able to enjoy the same but I'm gonna have the memories but I don't know what I did so wrong in my life that made me get this jackass. Few like you have a feeling you did something horrible. Yeah, I mean. Yeah. It's just not fair. What do you think are some of your traits or qualities that helps you be so successful? I'm a I'm not. I'm a chameleon. Because I can adapt my way through anything better than a really good like. Yeah, I'm really good at that. And like really flexible. Yes, I can totally just like I and I listen heavily. I listened to everything and I'm a devil for the details. And I'm very creative and like I learned early on, like, there's only one or two things you can do for someone that has money. What is it you think you can work? What is it that you can do? If you have all the money in the world? What is it that you can do? What what would make your life more interesting if you could buy anything you wanted? I guess just the people in my life and their relationships. But that's just money too. I mean that but what is the one thing you can't do what doesn't happen on its own? It's a really easy one. When you think about it, okay, you facilitate change. That's the only thing that they can't buy. They can't just buy something that changes all the time. Someone has to actually do it. Someone has to do the research and then has to do the move someone has to do the but if you facilitate that wheel and you can change and that's why you'll see like wealthy people are always like editing their lives and editing the furniture and editing the wall and even business offices. They really need to change because they have to do that. To keep going to be able to grow. So if you can facilitate change, I see. Kind of like how celebrities are always trying to like revamp their image. Yeah. It definitely that sense of a of that, you know, very It's very odd. And I do it too. I mean, I'm always constantly I'm in constant and I always changing. Even my voice changes like I can't keep the same same same voice for some reason my handwriting doesn't ever consistent. So thanks and one thing I've noticed while you were talking just now is that you were saying that kind of like in the present tense, like I am a chameleon. I am creative. I am a good listener. I try. Yeah, so it sounds like you still have those qualities. I do but they don't they don't come out. They don't work. I can be that person. I can talk about that person. I can re about that person. I can talk about that stories of that person. But I can't make I can't I don't I don't I don't know how to do I don't know how to be that person anymore. I am that person. Yes. But I don't know how to be I don't know how to I don't know how I I don't know how I did those things. I mean, I don't even like going driving now, let alone let alone little and going dropping myself into the middle of nowhere and inventing my life again. Like I've done three times. Yeah. So you don't know how to access all these paths. Or qualities that you have inside you? Yeah. Yeah, which channels that and given your current circumstances. It's very Yeah. Like there's some new things about my life now that I kind of like tell me about that. It's kind of embarrassing that I like the sex was embarrassing because I was such a warrior person before. Maybe if I was less boring, I probably would have had more fun but then I probably wouldn't have done anything in life. Because I was. I wasn't fixed. I wasn't fixated on things like that. When I was younger, I worked and worked and I worked and I worked and I worked I worked worked more like I always say he was one my boyfriend like 10 years and like seven years, like four years. So these long term that I was only good at two things in relationship. Number one thing is I made a lot of money. I made the money man. Golden Boy they he called me he was a Mexican guy. And then I'm good at loving because I when I say I love you, I love you and I will take care of you for the rest I would still take care of even Andrew the fucking bastard I would still probably take care of him if I had to. As I love you, I can love you and I can I can make money even though I don't make no my money anymore, but we'll see. Maybe it's a security come through and then I'll be able to live a modest life and be able to help people because they can't take my stories away from me. They can't they can't charge me for me knowing what I knew. Right? If I'm not charging anyone for it, I can tell my stories. Yeah, no one can take your memories away from him. Yeah. So Frank, I was, uh, sorry, I just saw your name. I'm uh, I'm 10 Um, can we take some time now to do your survey just I thought I had it. It was on my desktop and I didn't do it. I thought Do you want me to resend send me the link and we'll do it right here. While we're talking? Yeah, email you or just chatbox it? Oh, that's even better. Yeah. Okay there you go. Not quite, we can just kind of see where you're at this week it's screaming at me who wants power to get up and go turn the power plug on and give you the opportunity to see the new piece of art Wellington live on. She cool. Yeah, that's amazing. I'm like, oh well cool gallery. Yeah. And then we got this one. She got this one. The sculpture. Okay. I got my people's thinking. Oh, yeah, that was me. This the big vessel there was such a big okay. I feel like dark and picked up on collecting art since I was a young guy. Oh, really? Yeah. I'll show you my other stuff and at another point. I have lots of art. Survey is on its way just several days later. Easily irritable has been on the rise. Okay. It's now my tolerance for my mom's drinking stuff a little lacking lately. How much does she drink? My mom's not a big lady. So it doesn't it's not the quantity of alcohol. It's just the quality of the mindset. So she gets a negative Nancy in her brain. She gets she can just I see. She makes something that's not overwhelming. super overwhelming really, really quickly. And then it goes through the process. My mom doesn't do the things half assed, she goes through the full emotional chain before she gets out of the funk. So she starts becoming a bitch and she's knows that and then she turns. We go through the full thing that's the kind and the sad and the remorseful and this happy and then back to normal. does sound really exhausted? So maybe it's my mom's on version of a mental illness. I don't know what that could be it mean, I think it might be a little bit of like you have to win anything past multiple personality disorder or is that multiple personality disorder when you have to win no matter the cost? Maybe more like narcissistic, narcissistic. This trait of like, it doesn't matter what you have to win. You're always right. That one whatever that. I'm not sure. She has to win. No. My sister does have to. They have to win. I mean, they'll get their own children just not in a bad way. But like it may be plucking the feathers to like Yeah. I was exasperating. I've been around my whole life. So she wasn't that way most of my life. So when she doesn't mean it, I know when it's coming on. And I know what it's generally about. It's sort of being upset and being able to yell at me because she can't yell at my sister. She's just scared of my sister. Like we all are. I got this how did this time work for you? Is this okay for the time? Yeah, this works good for me if it works good for you. Okay, okay all right. So let's see here. Can I take a look? Yes, that's something coming up. I thought didn't you say cuz? August something because my birthday is August 25. And I don't know I might be going on. I am I'm totally different Find cruises for us to go on. So I need to find a cruise possibly. But that's for my sister even though it's my birthday my fifth year. I don't know how that happened. They do wonderful things those two strangers all I was I was told to find the cruise. I don't I don't do it. I don't find it. I call somebody and tell them to do it. So I'm off the hook. Yeah, well, I'm not planning on taking any Tuesday's off or okay, maybe there was someone else that I was talking to you that was saying there was something about a day. Oh, yeah, it was it was you had the Tuesday your does Tuesday because you had to give it your your your grip sink or something? Yes, yes. I had last week I was okay. That's what it was. I knew it was somewhere in my brain that Tuesday wasn't gonna. Yeah. Okay. So I'm just looking over your your assessments here. Okay, so looks like you've had an increase in the thoughts about being better off dead Would you say that's accurate, which is not active. They're not active. It's just like, it's just comes into the the forefront more lately and that's partly because I'm going through a lot of this like crap it's not a hard adjustment phase or adjustment phase. It's very I'm not I haven't I don't have a good footing yet. I don't have footing yet. I need footing and I'm not like saying I'm gonna go try to kill myself. But oh, yeah, I'm thought of certain thinking about or quite often. I met another guy with bipolar two. And so we probably talked a little, a lot, a lot about things. And I'm still kind of trying to figure that navigate that that that out a little bit. I mean, I've never had somebody that I openly now I tell everybody kind of certain a little bit a little bit. I'm not I don't I'm trying not to be shameful about it. If that makes sense. Yeah, yeah. But I don't need to tell someone a to opening conversation either as my mom says, you know, he was right. You don't want to hide it, but you don't want to overshare if you don't know somebody that well. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm already overwhelming as it is, let alone that plus that never meet anyone. So Clinton, maybe next week, we can work on developing a safety. Just in case things were to get worse for you like some steps you could go through to de escalate the situation. Is that something you'd be open to? We've done I had to do another one. I have like a bag of things that I can go that can sort my brain out to certain extent. Like as I'm pretty good at seeing self self aware it's just when I don't know what I'm doing. Those are the times I can't pull even my bag of tricks won't fix me. My bag of tricks only fixes this claim. Now let's keep talking about this Clinton. Let's take it up again next week. All right. Thank you. Yeah, we talked about a lot today as far as your family and just more about your back rooms. And I really, you know, you have these great qualities like you said, you're able to be flexible, you're chameleon. Able to be so creative, you're able to develop strong relationships. And even if you don't know how to access those trees right now, I I still feel very very hopeful for you. I still see these things in you and I think we can find ways for you to channel them your new life. Okay. After my next session, can you do can I get you the form from my attorney for a progress report? Is that enough time for you to be with me. They give me this report. I think that's what they call it. Oh, yeah. What do you need? More than three weeks? I feel like we could do it. We can even look at it together. Maybe okay. That would be good. I'm gonna get to that that form. She asked me my attorney. So Gotcha. All right. All right. Thank you. Yes, enjoy the rest of your day. Take care of yourself. And I'll see you same time next week. Bye. Bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai