Your survey results and see how you're doing this week. My internet's a little bit slow today, so okay, I apologize if there's any lag or anything. Okay, okay. So, so it looks like your depression is about thing where it's been. It's about the same, a little bit, I want to say worse, but the paranoid stuff is definitely present heavy right now, but it's like, it's like, seasonal. It was this way last year, like, worse during the summer, the end of the summer and your regular birthday, everything kind of comes to a point. I see, when is your birthday? It's the 25th the next month, okay? And then it goes like, I guess it just starts now, and isn't until the holidays are over. I think it's just like, it's just a lot of, yeah, what kind of meaning does your birthday hold for you? Doesn't really have any. I mean, I just, I always say I'm older than I am anyhow, so doesn't like it matter I see. I'd rather people tell me, Oh, you look good for your age. Then be so I was so I've been 50 already for a year or so. Okay, gotcha. So, Clinton, are you still open to working on a safety plan today? I know that you've done these in the past. Yeah, we can, we can talk about it. I mean, yeah, cool. So I'm gonna pull that up, then hopefully it won't be too slow for us. All right, so tell me a little bit about what some of your major triggers are that can cause intense emotional distress or increased suicidality. I've gotten better, but it's like, generally like, when I figure out I'm being like, taking advantage of Yeah, I have a problem with trust, because I trust really easily. Okay? And even when I know I'm being taken advantage of, I'll still do let it happen, thinking that sometimes, sometimes, some, sometimes that maybe it's me just being paranoid, thinking everyone's trying to do that to me. So I'll give it a try, I'll trust I'll give it like a try or whatever. And then if it fails, and it really ends up being like something scamming me or trying to take advantage of me, usually is. So now I'm kind of at that. I'm getting callous and like thinking everything is everyone is out to get you, but then that's not good either. Yeah, seems like just thinking about this makes you feel really sad. Yeah, it's like, why would they? Why would you just want to intentionally? Yeah, you have a really kind heart, and it seems like you're a very just like, passionate, hardworking person. So I could see yourself as you really pouring yourself into things, yeah, and realizing that's not being reciprocated, yeah, and I don't, I don't have money like, I used to have money, like, back, but then it was people taking advantage of me for my money, and now I'm pretty vocal and honest about things I'm not having money, and people still try to take advantage of you, and like before, I could afford to test the waters to see if they were taking advantage. Jimmy, okay, no, I don't have that candidate. Now, even if I test the waters, it hurts me, right, right? You don't have much to spare, yeah, and I've always lived on the theory they needed that bad. They might as well keep it like I'll figure it out, just really generous, and then that, you know, detrimental to me, but then I go without for some fool that I don't even know. I um, see where this is definitely really triggering for you. So then it puts me, spirals me into this, like, whatever. So like, let's just say, for instance, because this kind of thing happened recently. It happened recently, so I just go and I, for me, I hate a release if I go try to cook something, okay, so you'd say cooking is a coping skill for you. Yeah, that's the one thing that I still can do, almost, okay. Okay? Without I mean, too much. What kinds of things do you like just saying? I mean, I can cook anything. I mean, it's just I don't have any shame in my cooking. There's nothing bad. I think my cooking has never been corrupted. Yeah, it's a happy space. What's coming up for you right now? Emotionally, oh, just reminiscing about, how is it happy, how important it is to you. This is like, Fine, I'm not having success with my Kaiser appointments with the new, new psychiatry. I mean, it seems like they're changing the appointments on me, or they're like, they don't, they don't do this many follow ups, or they don't, they don't do any nothing. It's like there was one today, and I finally got there on time, at 830 in the morning, when she wanted me to be there, and then no one shows. And then I was where. And I wait and wait. And I know that for a fact, that with video conferencing, they know if someone's in a waiting room, and then you go back and check and see if someone even checked in into the waiting room. So you know if I was there, I was there. Don't send me this note. Well, we tried to get you. It's like I said, that I was in the waiting room. So is there 15 minutes before I waited 10 minutes after. It's like, frustrating. There's so there's so far and in few and in between. So you feel like you're not really getting the care that you need. It's not the cares me. It's just, I know that they don't give, I mean, obviously. I mean, wouldn't you give someone a call if they missed an appointment, like, to a certain extent? And you know, this is like a mental related it's not like me missing an appointment for a stubbed toe. I mean, just using automated responses from this kind I mean, I know when I've missed appointments before my unpleasant and they at least have someone called do a welfare check. Yeah, I just think it's weird and that so that kind of that got me going when I miss things. That's what I'm trying to say. When I miss things that I'm supposed to do that's really triggering for you, yeah, okay, they can spiral my Whole day. Yeah. Any other big triggers for you? I I'm getting into it with my mother, okay, and with my mom, it's she can get at me anytime she wants in my brain, as far as I'm concerned, because usually she's justified. It's time of day for me when she does it so she's had a couple glasses of wine. I don't like to engage in it. Yeah, no, that's not time, but that's when she most wants to but it. I know that I need to just breathe and take it, just go through the motions, because if you don't that little bit of fight could become something really horrible. Yeah, and then all that shall pass. I know that's too bad that you have to just put up with that, especially since it seems like it's related to her disinhibition on alcohol and just Yeah, but that's like she's worse her whole life, and she I but someone chooses to do, you can't be in control of you. Can't say that. That's why that they got mad at you. Because, I mean, anytime you get mad at somebody, when you when you truly love somebody, it's because they're getting mad at you because they do love you. And there is something you've done most of the time, so there's nothing that she's ever yelling at me that isn't isn't true. It's just, I mean, it's just when I what was best for me to be able to unders, to to understand what I did. I like this to be more calmer. Have you tried asking her a different one? We talk about it and just we have to talk about it when it's the right time, too. You can't do it when it's in the midst of it. Yeah, very true. We've worked on, like, trigger words for ourselves, like to say that this is too much, like, this is too much. I can't I'm not. I'm not. This is not gonna go to try to break into her own side. She knows this is, like, maybe we need to talk to her about that a little more again, something that can, like, a trigger, because, like, trigger her to not go where she's going. Yeah, because, I mean, this is the for this. These little sparkles have gotten much better over the time. Plus, I've been probably a better, better kid, better son, yeah, yeah, you could even just ask to have the conversations earlier in the day. Does she like drink in the evening? Yeah, because it's, it's not, it's she's not gonna have that conversation at that time. I don't think let me see, because she it's like me, she takes a lot. And I like bringing up things just to bring up things, you know, like confrontation, yeah, yeah, it's tricky. So, um, any other my sister, my sister can trigger me? Yeah? Anyone who challenges me, I guess, in a negative way, yeah, when I think I'm doing it right, yeah, or I know I'm doing it right. And then I also had to think of myself. Is it my, my brain talking? It's always good to Yeah, try to look at the big picture and see the part that you might be playing in it, try to be as objective as possible, yeah, and that's where therapy can also help just talk through these things. All right, so it sounds like cooking is an amazing coping skill for you. Yeah? Anything else that really helps make you feel more calm, more hopeful, caring for someone else, caring for someone else, that's great. Yeah, my bag of tricks like that little it has, like the hand cream I like, and chopstick and goofy things, okay, crystals that I like to play with, things. You call that your bag of tricks, yes, just, that's what babby called it. It's a weird little. Okay, that's a bag. Yeah, I like that. Just to wear a lot of goofy hats when I was just got out of the hospital, make me look goofy so I didn't have to show me himself being sad, and then I'm trying to get back into my art drawing again, sketching. How's that going? No, it's not going. It's still. I got the pin. I got my art supplies out. Okay? I got that far. Nice, still working on a couple of spaces in the house. Yeah, got a new mirror. Nice. Is there any particular like things that you tend to draw. Like, do you do more landscapes or portraits or, Oh, most of the time they're circular shapes, like Madonna, like, yeah, yes, kind of abstract stuff, yeah, yeah. That can be really calming. Where are you feeling right now? I was just looking at one of the pieces I make. Um, it's like my brain, I basically, it's like they go so many different places, and they're always like layers, because I worked in mixed media, I don't use just just ink, be ink and pastels and play and whatever else. I decided to make it with really cool. Does looking at that picture? What does it remind you of, that I can be calmer. I can take time to do things I have to rush. Yeah, there's some hope here. Yeah. All right, let's look at the next part here. So who are some trusted and supportive people that you can go to when you're in really deep emotional distress, my mom and Julie and my mom and Julie right now, I don't have a circle of people. Okay, you met is Julie? Your sister? No, Julie is my good girlfriend from like childhood. Oh, okay, nice. Yeah, I've known Julie and then Marsha. Most like Marsha, I've known the longest, but Marsha's getting older, and, yeah, she was my fifth and sixth grade teacher. Oh, wow, yeah, so I mean, I've known Marcia 40 years. Wow. That's pretty cool that you've stayed in touch two years older than she's, like, four years older than my mom. Well, yeah, so Julie is close to my age. She's 53 but I went to work for her when I was 1817, okay, at the bar she worked at. I didn't tell anyone I wasn't 21 Oh, okay, so I was a bouncer there when I was 19, wow, I bet you saw some drama. Oh no, I was a really good bouncer, because I knew all the high school kids that were going in there. But, oh yeah, no one could, no one ever that was that kid that everyone, no one knew, but I knew everyone. Oh, I see just, you just, I don't know, because I didn't go to high school in my hometown. Oh, I went to, I went to monta Vista up in Danville. Okay, I lived in Livermore because they had a culinary program in monta VISTA. So I transferred out and I saw. More year, okay, like a culinary program in high school. Yeah, that's pretty neat, yeah, yeah, okay, I've always cooked that basically, yeah, seems like. How about anybody in your bipolar support group? Are you like, close with anyone there or no, I'm still having problems with that one. I'm getting there. It's virtual. Leanness is so hard sometimes I agree, yeah, especially in a support group, yeah, because I don't like type well to like. And that's how everyone knows people is that the DMS and stuff, I'm not like a good person at that, right? And you have to be so quick sometimes to like. By the time I get it actually a sentence out, everyone's already onto another topic. Yeah, have you thought about finding like an in person? One is that something would be interesting about it, but I haven't gotten there yet. Okay. I mean, I just need my life to be a little calmer. I think my next thing is, I want to try to do a class here at the, at the, you know, I live kind of in a country club, s kind of community, yeah, and there's, like, classes and stuff like the club, yeah, even if it is just a bunch of old ladies at a clay class, playing, making sculpture, it'll be something for me to make new friends. Yeah, they are like, 20 years my senior, right? And you never know too. You never know, yeah, yeah, that would be really cool. Okay. Well, if you ever feel like you want help searching for a support group, I'm part of, like, a big list serve, so I would be happy to put that out there too. If you want to, yeah, I'll take, yeah, yeah. I'll make a note of that. Or even, like, I don't know if this would be helpful for me, but do they have, like, big brother, like the little Yeah? Like, I know there's like, okay, so I think I told you, I used to work at an agency in San Francisco, and one of our programs, it was called a clubhouse. I'm not sure if you're familiar with that model. Okay, so like, these mental health clubhouses, typically, they're open, like, most days a week, and there's like groups and but then there's also just hanging out, like, there's an area to just like, watch TV, read books, there's like a kitchen, so you can cook there. So it's like, kind of, yeah, it's like a community for people. Is there anything like that in the Sacramento area? I'm not sure. But again, I could put out on my listserv and see if anyone knows any of those resources interesting. I like kind of, that's kind of things very, yeah, that's very in the now, okay, now, right, right. It's a good way. You know, people loved it, yeah, that's the weird connection, yeah, yeah, okay, so you'd be interested in, like, a clubhouse model type thing, too nice. Okay, let's see what the next part on this safety plan is. So there's the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, 988, have you ever called them before? No, but I do have those numbers. I have a list, and I have some some phone numbers pertinent to this area here. Anything that got me so scared was like, if I do get like, needed my mental they don't even have mental hospitals in this, in their area, in this, in their loop out here, they farm it all out. Oh, really. So that was, like really distraughting to me that they don't even have one in there in this area. I mean, they could put everything out into, like local hospitals. I don't know how I mean, I mean, but they, when they mean to that, I mean, if Kaiser, Kaiser is a big, pretty big organization, but I mean, realistically, they are farming all their stuff to you guys too. So, I mean, what's, what's really the difference if they're farming out the mental I mean, I just don't, I don't know where they farm it out to. Do? He's like, Yeah, I do know. Like, when I was in the hospital a couple of times, a couple years ago, I lose, I don't get Abby, I don't get Dr Greenwood. I get whoever's in the mental hospital, right? They don't get to you, don't get to you see your outside therapists inside the hospital. It's kind of like separate, yeah. So, I mean, I guess, I guess maybe it's really no different, if I think of it that way, it's just an unknown. I feel like you would at least like to know, like, where the hospital is that you would be going to maybe that's what it is. Yeah, yeah. The process. It's probably just being too nosy, and I shouldn't want to know what the hospital is like. That's probably not smart. Just that's that's making myself know that I'm going back, because I know I pitter Potter like all the time, knowing that that was such as this safe place. Tell me more about that. Clinton, like what led up to you going to the hospital? I know you said there was some psychosis involved. I wanted to be really bad. I was doing some things that were really mean. From what I was told, like I was drinking heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, like, to the point where I know that they said that I was finishing off like a fifth of bottles before I would even go to work and get ready to I was trying to go with the courage to go off the overpass. Things were just spiraling, yeah, really dark time for you, yeah. And honestly, I haven't even unpacked any of that in my brain yet. Either we haven't gotten there. Yeah, down for that, but I don't know if we can do that. Maybe, do you only do virtuals? If I went to the Bay Area, yeah, I only do virtually no, no, no. I was just, it was just question. I was not, yeah, yeah. So I just don't know how to unpack that stuff over virtually no, yeah, it's, it's a little tricky. There's like, a distance piece, yeah, it's not so you were in a really dark place, and how did you end up getting to the hospital? Did you check yourself in? Or did someone I couldn't get out of the bathroom, and Andrew called the hospital, or called my mother and my mother called 911911, took me hospital. You know, the ambulance. They never did. They just didn't let me out. Oh, they, um, no, they, they committed me. Okay, why couldn't you get out of the bathroom? Probably because I was gonna kill myself. Yeah, yeah. So. You were committed to the hospital. Yeah, and what was that like for you? What was it like there? Hold on one second. Yes. Okay, I just want him to know there's a car here. Okay, sorry, you're all good. Hospital. What was I? Where were we at? Oh, I was just asking what your experience of the hospital was like. I I like the hospital. It was its structure, yeah, I let my guard down. Folks. Safe, there. Felt safe. I heard, felt heard, mm hmm, validated that some of these things in my life that I've always thought were i. Just me being different or actually true. You can see things and you can hear things, and you can process things differently, huh? Yeah, yeah, and there was people that were worse than me, ah, so I could be thankful, yeah. Just realize you're not alone in that Yeah. So it sounds like you're still trying to find some of that structure in your day to day life. Oh, yeah, I don't think I always search for that. I mean, I don't know if I'll ever be able to manage it, but you know, work in progress. Yeah, tell me more about what your daily schedule looks like. It depends on the day, but I was usually still wake wake up fairly early, about seven, okay, eight, and depends on what it is that we're doing. I mean, I can go out in the garden for a little while and go out. I take time for myself in the morning, a little late, my time. Then breakfast, I eat my yogurt and get ready for the day, figure out what's going on, check my calendar. Yeah, sometimes my calendar doesn't have enough things, and that's when I get lost. Okay? Like you don't know what to do with your time, yeah, so, but there's always something to do. I mean, you should, should always be something to do. Yeah, I really like that. You still wake up early, a really important thing for like treating bipolar disorder from managing it is developing a daily schedule, a daily my schedule. I don't have a schedule the way she should. Should be. It needs to be much more strict. My sleeping schedule is terrible. Um, force myself to sleep. You what? I won't force myself to sleep. I'll take my medications, I'll do everything I'm supposed to do there, but I'm not going to lay there in bed and just lay there in bed. All right, No, you shouldn't. If my brain makes me stay up, I'll be up till whenever my brain tells me to stay up. Uh huh. Really important thing for regulating sleep schedules is just getting up at the same time each day, because that will really start to train your body and build up because we have, like, this drive for sleep. So if you like, say, sleep in until 11am one day, then you're not going to want to go to sleep until I don't know. I'm just making up numbers like 2am right? So if you really just wake up at the same time each day, it'll help your sleep drive. If I go to bed at four o'clock in the morning, I'll still wake up at seven. Okay, okay, yeah. Do you take naps during the day? Then I get to that's when I get my nodding problem. Okay? Okay, gotcha, yeah, my mom hates that one chair. I have a one chair just, I can fall asleep in that chair no matter when I do my day is just, I think the chair triggers me, makes you sleepy, yeah, yeah, yeah, that could also make it harder to fall asleep then at night. Yeah, that's and even if I force myself, self, self, awake, yeah, it's tricky. It's a little. Pattern to it. I mean, like me and Abby talked about it before, and I guess, like, three, four days of me doing my thing, and then I crash really hard, and then I go back to this, like, weird little dancing with the schedule. It's like my body knows how much sleep I don't need, and I just it like, just teeter totters right there, and then it says you need sleep. So then when you crash for a few days, what does that look like? No, I just like sleep for like a good solid eight Okay, gotcha. I mean, by crash, that's like I get like a real I get a normal person's amount of sleep instead of three and a half hours or four hours, I get, like a solid eight, okay, without getting up a million times and deciding To paint the Eiffel Tower in the meantime. Yeah, well, sometimes if you are tossing and turning, it can be good to get out of bed, because if you toss and turn too much, you start to associate your bed with a feeling of frustration. Really, you want to associate your bed with feelings of sleepiness and calm. That's why I switch sides on my bed. Yes, that's a good idea, too. I have one side that I sit on, and then one side I'll sleep on, and then I'll change it up. Okay, nice. And I also like that you get outside in the morning. That can be really helpful for sleep, too. Just getting that sunshine, yeah, the sun triggers you. That's why you don't get you don't get that jet lag. If you get somebody placed and you can lay in the sun for 30 minutes, right when you get there, you won't get jet lag. Ah, I used to do a lot of travel, yeah, yeah, going to Australia, if it's fuck your brain up. Oh yeah. But it was always coming home for me that I had the hardest time. Who's the reverse jet lag? Yeah, you're not having the excitement of the trip then too to like, help motivate you. Yeah, so what? Oh no, our time's almost up already. Oh yeah, couple more minutes. So do you tend to eat your meals at the same time each day for the most part. Okay? I mean, breakfast is most consistent, okay? Dinner. So I don't, we don't, I don't really eat if I'm not hungry for dinner, because lunch is my main my bigger meal. If I do a big meal, this would be lunch, okay, yeah, yeah, I try to eat like three, four times a day with some snow. You eat. I mean, I'm fat. I eat. No problems with food that can be a helpful thing too, just like eating at regular times, you know, with your as long as I have my juice and my snacks, I like snacks, yeah, cheese and granola bars and olives and stuff. I think, yeah, great stuff. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I grew up in the land of micro kitchens, the fancy ones. I don't know how fancy the companies you were working for, but our micro kitchens at Google had the best things on earth in them. Oh, yeah. I'm not even familiar with micro kitchens, where, what's that? Think of little, mini, tiny, high end seven elevens on every floor that you could walk up and grab a snack. Wow, and they had baristas in some of them crudites, handmade like cleaned vegetables with hummus and baba ghanoush and like, like peppered spread and little things and olives and like, feta, you didn't have those thing? No, no. I mean, I've eaten those foods, but none of the places I've worked have had, like, snacks like that. We always had, like the Greek yogurts and, like, the, yeah, all those things or anything, hard boiled eggs peeled for you. That's amazing. That was just, that was, that's how we kind bars. I. Yeah, I don't know stuff like, not cheap stuff like the best, like the best of Whole Foods, snack vine, yeah, everything was all locally sourced or made by me or my team I ran. I made the foods for those kitchens. So, gosh, yeah. So it was part of your job to keep them stocked. Yeah? That was another team. My team was the team that made the snacks. Okay, yeah, so, yeah, you used to eat in that kind of clean, good food. So, uh huh, yeah, and then it's free. Like, that's crazy. Everything I think is still free. Yeah, from what Google's food program is, like, very special, because, like, our answer date, and they decided they wanted to do that you really can retain employee employee retention really good. If you provide food, provide food. That's better food than other people's free food. Yeah, you might just keep them right because of the food. Yeah, that's huge. Like, you save so much time in your day if you don't have to worry about cooking and shopping and yeah, it's just there for you. That's why we had cooking kitchens and we taught Googlers how to cook. Because if you went from school to school, they were they fed you to fed you. Some of them never learned how to cook. Oh, that's cool that you did that we started teaching people how to cook the workplace. Okay, huh? Did you enjoy teaching? I've always this is what a chef is. I mean, if you don't, the definition of a chef is to teach. Oh, really, so, yeah, just to cook because you're having to, like, teach your team and stuff to teach you have to be able to teach you're not you have to be able to give what you get. Giving given. Um, I see anyone can cook you, but to be a chef, you have to be able to teach, and that's what I don't think I can do the same anymore. I can't handle the tea. I can't handle the I can't give what I used to be able to give. I need to hold that for me. I need to be able to I need to take my energy for myself through my day to day life. I can't give everything I have anymore. I don't have it to give, right? You can't keep just like pouring yourself out into other people. Yeah, all it was doing is all my energy was going to other people, and knowing my energy was going to Clinton, to making Clinton better. Now it's taking all my energy just to stay here. Yeah, stay here, yeah, being present in the future here, like being in the moment. Yeah? Yeah. Well, thanks for working on the safety plan with me today. Would you like me to email you a copy of it? Sure? Okay, I'll get it kind of cleaned up from just like the notes I typed while we were talking and email it to you. Let me make sure I have your emails. It's easy, okay, Clinton, fernandez.com, okay, yeah, I've got that on file. So yeah, not to remember, yeah. So what was this session like for you today? How did we do it was pretty light. I needed a light day. Sounds like it's fun. Have a tough week for you. Yeah? So sometimes it's good not to dig too deep during those tough weeks. Yeah, yeah. Okay. What are your plans for the rest of the day? I need to go turn the water off that's been running in front of the house. Oh, my God, I'm trying to dig holes in the ground, but the sound is round. Is too hard. I. So I figured I would water the ground to get it, but then the neighbor came by right and told me that you have to use jackhammer so it doesn't matter how much water I put I hit bedrock. What are you trying to dig holes for? Because the homeowners association said we weren't in compliance with the amount of green space that we had in the fronts of the house, so I have to add some greenery. Oh, interesting. So I thought it would be a grand idea if I did it myself, but then I probably bit off more than I could chew. Yeah. Oh, who knew that you would need to hook a shack hammer to plant some bushes? So that goes say, yeah, yeah, turn off the water. No, okay, yeah, we'll take some time to take care of yourself today. Maybe do some of that cooking or drawing, yeah, and then we'll talk next week, same time, place, yeah, sounds like a plan. All right, all right, bye, Clinton, bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai